what is the name of justin bieber brother ?
what character did natalie portman play in star wars ?
what country is the grand bahama island in ?
what character did john noble play in lord of the rings ?
who does joakim noah play for ?
who did draco malloy end up marrying ?
where is rome italy located on a map ?
which kennedy died first ?
where to fly into bali ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of ethiopia ?
what to see near sedona arizona ?
what form of government does russia have today ?
what movies does taylor lautner play in ?
what year lebron james came to the nba ?
which wife did king henry decapitation ?
who was ishmael 's mom ?
what was malcolm x trying to accomplish ?
what is the president of brazil ?
what sport do the toronto maple leafs play ?
what is cher 's son 's name ?
what party was andrew jackson ?
what is the name of the first harry potter literary series novel ?
what did william shakespeare do for a living ?
what movie is josh hutchersonm in ?
where do the san francisco giants play home games ?
what year did william jennings bryan run for president ?
who was queen victoria 's parents called ?
what movies did sally field win an oscar for ?
what is the first book sherlock holmes appeared in ?
what countries do people speak portuguese ?
what are the names of walt disney kids ?
who is in the band bush ?
what was tupac name in juice ?
what timezone is australia gmt ?
who does maggie grace play in taken ?
what style of music did louis armstrong play ?
what tv show did joey lawrence play on ?
what timezone is denver co ?
what character did brian austin green play on 90210 ?
what form of government was practiced in sparta ?
where to go in london england ?
what school did joan miro attend ?
who was vincent van gogh inspired by ?
when did the new york knicks win a championship ?
what language do the speak in pakistan ?
where is santa clara university ?
where did timothy mcveigh go to prison ?
who miley cyrus engaged to ?
who is robert downey jr. wife ?
what years have the dallas cowboys won the superbowl ?
what awards has louis sachar won ?
what is the local language of israel ?
what city and state was the air force academy established ?
what 's the national sport of puerto rico ?
what religion are people in russia ?
what did shawnee smith play in ?
what countries did queen victoria reign over ?
where did theodore lesieg go to school ?
what team does luis suarez play for ?
who plays meg in family guy ?
where does asiana airlines fly to ?
what movie did angelina jolie direct ?
where to visit near bangkok ?
what year did tut became king ?
who is the current president of the dominican republic in 2010 ?
who has been none0 to julia roberts ?
who does brandon dubinsky play for ?
who all has dated taylor swift ?
what is the dominant language in israel ?
what jobs did benjamin franklin do ?
what the bible does the catholic church follow ?
who plays lola bunny in the looney tunes show ?
who did rufus wainwright marriage ?
what did nick clegg study at university ?
what school did cassie bernall go to ?
what movie did james frey write ?
what did rob kardashian get surgery for ?
what is henry clay known for ?
who did axl rose marriage ?
who was elected president of the philippines ?
what cities does none1 fly to ?
what time zone is oklahoma state ?
what instrument does justin bieber ?
what team did shaquille o'neal play for first ?
who do derek fisher play for ?
who is the governor of kentucky 2012 ?
what is the postcode for london ?
what language does fiji ?
what is the second percy jackson book called ?
who did jon gosselin cheat with ?
where is mitsubishi group headquarters ?
where is jay cutler now ?
what influenced vincent van gogh work ?
what time zones are there in united states of america ?
what are the 5 biggest cities in united states of americaa ?
what language do australian people speak ?
who did ben stiller play in megamind ?
what countries did queen victoria rule ?
who are betty white 's parents ?
where did jeff dunham go to school ?
what college did kevjumba ?
who does david james play for 2011 ?
what movies did diana ross play in ?
what is the zip code for minneapolis ?
who won golden boot ?
where is the river thames river located ?
when did kings last win stanley cup ?
what school did william shakespeare attend ?
what character does ellen play in finding nemo ?
what are all the names of harry potter ?
what does nick cannon play in ?
what sort of government does brazil have ?
where did matthias jakob schleiden go to school ?
what county is rihanna from ?
what happened to daddy yankee ?
what country is located in the balkans ?
who is the new senator of montana ?
what language people speak in afghanistan ?
what language do people speak in brazil wikipedia ?
what cities should i visit in california ?
when did the los angeles lakers win the championship ?
what did patrick swayze sing ?
what style of art is salvador domingo felipe jacinto dalí i domènech ?
what other discoveries did isaac newton discover ?
who started pixar ?
who is tia mowry mowry parents ?
what political party was lincoln ?
what kind of government is china ?
which countries have english as native language ?
what position does rafael furcal play ?
what are major exports of united states of americaa ?
what shows did kellie martin star in ?
where is whistler mountain located ?
what currency do i need in cuba ?
what country did james cook come from ?
who is julia roberts marriage to 2012 ?
what sport does rebecca adlington compete in ?
who played mason capwell ?
where was the battle of antietam creek ?
during what war did abraham lincoln serve as president ?
who are william shakespeare parents names ?
who did hera marry ?
what type of guitar does kirk hammett play ?
what language they speak in the philippines ?
what year did william mckinley became president ?
what date did kennedy become president ?
what timezone is colorado in right now ?
who will david beckham play for in 2013 ?
what are the basic beliefs of sikhism ?
who was marriage5 marriage too ?
who was real housewives brandi marriage to ?
what languages are there in switzerland ?
what does australia export ?
who is marriage to garry trudeau ?
what language do they speak in northern ireland ?
what countries make up continental europe ?
what do abrahamic religions have in common ?
what did johnny crawford sing ?
what did abraham lincoln do before he was president ?
what sport does sally pearson compete in ?
who did elton john marriage first ?
what movies did madonna appear in ?
where does leland blaine chapman live now ?
where was the roman colosseum located ?
what date was abraham lincoln inaugurated ?
what time zone is new york under ?
who voiced meg in the pilot ?
where did bashar al-assad study ?
who plays lois lane in superman returns ?
who is the voice of stewie griffin from family guy ?
what films did charlie chaplin direct ?
who does lea michele dating in real life ?
when did joe walsh leave the eagles ?
what should you see in london ?
what films have taylor lautner been in ?
who played the voice of aladdin ?
what year did miami heat win the championship ?
what kind of government did benito mussolini have ?
who is chelsea kane ?
who is darwin and what is his theory ?
what did barack obama study in school ?
where did deion sanders play baseball ?
what movies has taylor lautner been in 2011 ?
what did kate winslet get an oscar for ?
what company did henry ford motor company work for ?
who was mary 's mother ?
where is american express located ?
what is the government of spain today ?
where is the howard university located ?
what do catholics call their god ?
who speaks persian language ?
who was neptune discovered by ?
who were the major trade partners of russia ?
what did corey haim really die of ?
who played maxie jones on general hospital ?
who influenced wolfgang amadeus mozart ?
when was the last dallas cowboys super bowl win ?
what is the political system in south africa ?
where is the nation of palestine ?
what states does the missouri river touch ?
what is in liverpool england ?
what killed whitney houston ?
what kind of government did the mali empire have ?
what is the religion of israel people ?
what is mount st. helens ?
where does drew gordon play ?
who was the first russian president ?
what language does people in netherlands speak ?
what countries around the world speak french ?
who is esther hicks ?
what does michael vick do ?
in which province is johannesburg ?
who voiced darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ?
what type of art is henri matisse famous for ?
what to do in laughlin nevada ?
who plays princess padme in star wars ?
who was david rose5 marriage to ?
what year did los angeles lakers win championship ?
what is the atlanta braves mascot ?
who played professor albus dumbledore in the first movie ?
what sports do they do in canada ?
who was the first leader of the afl ?
what was marilyn monroe known for ?
where does lala anthony live ?
what do they speak in iran ?
who did ayrton senna drive for ?
where is the best place to vacation in the dominican republic ?
where is the uefa euro 2012 tournament ?
what time is right now in texas ?
what to see and do in malta ?
what countries does queen elizabeth ii reign ?
what is jonas brothers names ?
what art movements was henri matisse involved in ?
who 's kobe bryant ?
what type of government system does saudi arabia have ?
what countries did czech republicslovakia become ?
what songs did richard marx write ?
what war was george washington associated with ?
who does kris humphries play for in the nba ?
where did al capone go to jail ?
what type of music did richard wagner play ?
what airport in paris ?
where did matthew brady live ?
what ball does rickie fowler play ?
in what country do they speak basque ?
where is belgium at ?
what religions are in russia ?
what government system does north korea have ?
what did albert einstein do ?
what are the most common religions in the united states of america ?
what did martin luther king , jr. jr go to college for ?
what made jimi hendrix great ?
who did aaron rodgers play college football 4 ?
who plays nathan scott ?
when did the houston rockets win the championship ?
what are some places to visit in new york ?
what are taylor swift 's albums ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of ethiopia now ?
who does the islamic worship ?
where is napoleon bonaparte buried ?
what to see and do in galway ireland ?
what year did brandon roy get drafted ?
what are the names of michael jackson children ?
what is pennsylvania 's state flower called ?
what book did niccolò machiavelli write ?
what religions are found in australia ?
where is the mtv headquarters ?
who does michael vick play for ?
what is guatemala current system of government ?
what is anderson silva trained in ?
what does pixar produce ?
who played lois lane in superman 1 ?
what was elie wiesel 's father 's name ?
what language do fiji people speak ?
what victoria beckham kids names ?
where is new york in the map ?
what teams did charles barkley ?
when was bill clinton elected president ?
when michael jordan got drafted ?
who played dorothy in the wizard of oz movie ?
who does marion barber play 4 ?
who is garrett pretty little liars ?
what religion was john f. kennedy ?
what movies did ron howard do ?
what type of government and economic system does the united states of america have ?
who is michelle obama ?
where did catherine , duchess of cambridge go to prep school ?
what type of government does nigeria have today ?
what kourtney kardashian name her daughter ?
what kind of government does chile have today ?
who played luke skywalker in star wars episode 4 ?
what movies has taylor lautner ?
where does sam bradford play ?
who does dominic monaghan play in lord of the rings ?
who sang for pink floyd ?
what shows did henry winkler produce ?
who is the senator of connecticut 2010 ?
what is brazil time zone ?
what do people in the czech republic speak ?
who was tex beneke ?
what are all the things thomas edison invented ?
what does albania speak ?
who is playing old bilbo ?
what position did george washington serve in the constitutional convention ?
where is the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament ?
where are the seneca people now ?
where did matt barnes play ?
where did rihanna come from ?
what years did the new york knicks win the championship ?
what is the time zone in united kingdom now ?
where are google headquarters located ?
where is the nascar hall of fame ?
what was the name of wright brothers plane ?
where is located university of leeds ?
who is gilbert gottfried snl ?
what language do they denmark '' -u ?
what did martin luther do ?
what team did grover cleveland alexander play for ?
what was christiaan barnard famous for ?
where do audi come from ?
what team is chris paul on ?
what to do washington , d.c. december ?
what language is spoken in singapore ?
who is sanjay gupta marriage too ?
what do singapore speak ?
what movies did luke perry play in ?
who is kobe bryant dad ?
what is wentworth miller in ?
where is the university of west alabama located ?
where does joey king live ?
how many australian states and territories ?
when did herbert hoover become president ?
where does unesco operate ?
what does amanda seyfried play in ?
what language do people speak in iran ?
what voice does hank azaria do on the simpsons ?
who is the leader of japan ?
what time zone is the united kingdom in right now ?
what instrument does bela fleck play ?
where did chancellorsville battle take place ?
what year was chicago cubs last world series ?
who is playing hawkeye in the avengers movie ?
what country speak english as native language ?
what movie did rihanna play in ?
what religion was mary todd lincoln ?
who all has jason kidd played for ?
where is headquarters of verizon communications ?
who played juni in spy kids : all the time in the world ?
what books did aristotle wrote ?
who runs the fv cornelia marie now ?
when was the last time the san francisco giants won a world series ?
what airport do you fly into for destin ?
what country was george washington from ?
what year did pete rose play ?
where does kyla ross live ?
what has anna kendrick been in ?
what are the major imports of the united states of america ?
what are the team colors for the pittsburgh steelers ?
what is the current government system in france ?
what are the major religions practiced in israel ?
what years did andrew jackson run for president ?
where did bernard madoff live in new york city ?
how many languages are there in the philippines ?
who did heinrich himmler marriage ?
who was josh groban in crazy , stupid , love . ?
where is the columbia university located ?
what team does kris humphries play for in 2011 ?
what did the scientist thomson discover ?
who was carrie underwood in soul surfer ?
who plays lois griffin in family guy ?
what did julian fellowes write ?
where does selena gomez live map ?
who does the islam worship ?
who was marriage to lance armstrong ?
what years have the los angeles dodgers won the world series ?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945 ?
what god do catholics believe in ?
what language do jewish peopleish speak ?
what inspired michelangelo ?
who was indianapolis colts coach in 2011 ?
what airport is closer to downtown houston ?
where does liz mcclarnon live ?
what city is fc schalke 04 in ?
what system of government is used in south korea ?
what airport is close to daytona beach florida ?
what was omar epps first movie ?
who won the governor election in puerto rico ?
what group is aubrey o'day in ?
what did richard wagner compose ?
what language did jewish people speak ?
who does michael oher play for in 2009 ?
what years did barry bonds play ?
who played emma frost ?
what clubs has peter crouch played for ?
what team does lamar odom play for 2011 ?
who owns skywest airlinesest ?
who did michael jordan marriage ?
where is the syracuse university ?
what has mario lopez been in ?
where do logan browning live ?
where is lake waynoka , ohio ohio ?
who did jeremy lin sign with ?
who played emperor the emperor ?
who were demeter 's brothers and sisters ?
what instrument was louis armstrong famous for ?
what date did the san francisco giants win the world series ?
what is the main language of israel ?
where did martin luther live in ?
what groups was adolf hitler involved in ?
what kind of language do they speak in greece ?
what to see in chicago downtown ?
what movies has billy burke been in ?
who was rudolf virchow ?
what is the last movie brittany murphy made ?
with which countries does south africa trade ?
what office does hillary rodham clinton hold ?
what are the major religions in united kingdom ?
where did jennifer hudson go to school ?
what is the zip code for moorpark ca ?
what did wolfgang amadeus mozart do to become famous ?
what type of government does australia currently have ?
who has coached the minnesota vikings ?
where are they now jessica mcclure ?
what year did tim duncan enter the nba ?
who played alf on the tv show ?
which countries does south africa export to ?
who did george lucas get engaged to ?
what movies does leo howard play in ?
who does lionel messi play with ?
what is the language spoken in brazil ?
who was johnny cash 's first wife ?
what type of political system does russia have ?
what team chris paul play for ?
what is illinois state bird ?
what teams has lionel messi played for ?
what countries in north america '' -u continent ?
what school did sergio romo go to ?
who did adam sandler marriage ?
who play luke skywalker ?
where did john howard live ?
what music did ludwig van beethoven composed ?
what inspired f. scott fitzgerald ?
what did george steinbrenner do ?
who was judy collins marriage to ?
what do they speak in cambodia ?
who is the none0 of new zealand now ?
what time is nebraska now ?
what did nick carter sister died of ?
where did bob dylan live ?
where did pres . barack obama go to school ?
who is nina dobrev playing in perks of being a wallflower ?
what is there to see in barcelona ?
who is larry ellison oracle ?
who does tim howard play for club ?
what did egyptians speak ?
what did whitney houston die off ?
when was george w. bush bush sworn in ?
what middle school did barack obama attend ?
what are the airports in chicago ?
what was van vincent van gogh famous for ?
where did jane goodall go to school ?
what does donald trump own ?
where did emily murphy go to school ?
what are the major religions in russia ?
who was the general for the british in the american revolutionary war ?
what else did eli whitney invent ?
who founded collegehumor ?
where did barack obama attend school ?
what jobs did albert einstein have ?
where to travel around sydney ?
what are the names of michael jackson movies ?
what are the islands of oceania ?
what timezone is illinois on ?
what is the currency in france ?
where is the head office of hsbc bank ?
what movies did charlie hunnam play in ?
what kind of government does italy have ?
what medium is the school of athens ?
what year michael jordan came in the nba ?
who is leann rimes with now ?
who is the current leader of china today ?
what countries did queen elizabeth ii rule ?
who played forrest gump as a kid ?
where was the siege of vicksburg held ?
what kind of artist is henri matisse ?
what type of government does fiji have ?
in what state did the bloody battle of antietam take place ?
what language do people speak in turkey ?
what are all the inventions benjamin franklin made ?
who does debbie dingle go out with ?
who played todd manning on one life to live ?
what is the language they speak in jamaica ?
what form of government does brazil have ?
where did lebron james go to highschool ?
who won mayor of londonal elections 2012 ?
who was arthur miller father ?
which country uses euro as its main currency ?
who played éowyn in the lord of the rings movies ?
what important office did abraham lincoln hold ?
which country has adopted the euro as its currency ( 1 point ) ?
what type of cancer did huell howser die of ?
who is aidan davis ?
what was nicolaus copernicus occupation ?
when did manchester united f.c . first win a trophy ?
what to see in washington , d.c. in 2 days ?
what did bella abzug do ?
what sights to see in madrid ?
what films has gerard butler starred in ?
who did juan ponce de león mary ?
what time zone in the united kingdom ?
what is the political system in italy ?
who is the leader of france 2012 ?
who is raquel welch 's daughter ?
what kind of art did leonardo da vinci produce ?
where did jrr j. r. r. tolkien live ?
what to do in panama city beach fl ?
where are the great pyramid of giza located ?
what was liam neeson 's character in star wars ?
who plays the voice of lois griffin ?
what team does sergio agüero play for ?
who is the present chief justice of the united states ?
what is chris paul 's son name ?
who does josh hutchersonm play in the hunger games ?
what is the state flag of colorado called ?
who plays claire in lost ?
who are senators from new jersey ?
who does jamie campbell bower play in breaking dawn ?
what language do denmark '' -u ?
who is facebook 's founder ?
what kind of music does john mayer play ?
what is the political system of united states of america ?
what religions are practiced in afghanistan ?
where is the world series 2012 being played ?
what kind of language do irish speak ?
what cancer did audrey hepburn died of ?
where does allen iverson live now ?
what team does chris humphrey play for ?
when did the raiders win the superbowl ?
where is the euro used ?
where did pixie lott go to school ?
who is hugh hefner dating now in 2012 ?
what are some sights to see in rome ?
who was governor of texas in 2003 ?
in what city did niccolò machiavelli live ?
what illnesses did george washington have ?
who was the voice of kitt ?
who is the speaker of the house of representatives currently ?
when did sean murray first appear on ncis ?
who is abraham maslow ?
where did the cuban missile crisis happen ?
where is the original mona lisa ?
what type of language does peru speak ?
which team does ronaldinho play for 2013 ?
what kind of books does nicholas sparks wrote ?
what countries has spanish as their official language ?
what business does raj kundra do ?
what movies is molly ringwald in ?
what is the time zone in california called ?
what team does didier drogba play for 2013 ?
what is the northeastern united states ?
what timezone does sweden have ?
who played lois en superman ?
when did george w. bush bush take office ?
what does starbucks sell ?
what type of political system does iran have ?
who does the voice of lois in family guy ?
what are all the movies channing tatum has been in ?
where is university of alabama located ?
who was arthur miller influenced by ?
which countries use euro money ?
where is el salvador located ?
what year was kevin durant drafted ?
what illnesses did george washington suffer from ?
what are some places to visit in barcelona ?
what happened to nina simone ?
where is wellsville missouri ?
who played leia organaa from star wars ?
where did galileo galilei go to school ?
who all was richard burton marriage to ?
who did david villa play for ?
what did nicolaus copernicus invented ?
where robert frost went to school ?
who founded the sisters of saint joseph ?
who is tony romo engaged to ?
what do people in south africa speak ?
where great britain located ?
what state was hillary rodham clinton a senator for ?
what market does starbucks operate in ?
what country does nike , inc. operate in ?
where will uefa euro 2012 be ?
who the voice of lois griffin ?
what is the parliament of canada called ?
who are paul revere 's parents ?
what political system does russia use ?
what language is mainly spoken in england ?
what awards has morgan freeman won ?
who will michael schumacher drive for in 2013 ?
what kind of government does the united states of america have today ?
who were michael jackson 's brothers and sisters ?
when is the last time the chicago bulls won a championship ?
what is the atlanta braves mascot ?
where to stay in paris france ?
who does christopher walken play in batman returns ?
what to see and do in revelstoke ?
what was nicolaus copernicus discovery ?
what country did osama bin laden live in ?
where was the roman empire centered ?
who played samuel sullivan in heroes ?
which ocean does the murray river flow into ?
where does peter king live ?
what years have chicago cubs been in the world series ?
what car companies does ford motor company own ?
what type of government does the bahamas ?
what style of music did jimi hendrix play ?
what character does mila kunis play on family guy ?
who played darth vader in star wars episode i : the phantom menace ?
where is luke air force base arizona ?
what language people speak in belgium ?
where was the siege of vicksburg located ?
what was lincoln 's wife 's name ?
who plays the new michael myers ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2007 ?
what films did patrick swayze star in ?
where is sony corporation headquarters ?
who is liz lemon getting married to ?
who plays sarah wittle in jumanji ?
what type of music is pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky ?
when is wimbledon tennis tournament ?
where did helen keller go to school ?
where is german an official language ?
what language do you speak in iran ?
who did tupac shakur date ?
who does paul bettany play in the avengers ?
what did larry hagman die of ?
who is the governor of colorado 2009 ?
what timezone is michigan usa ?
what blood disease does robin roberts have ?
what show is jill wagner on ?
what do ethnic russians look like ?
what places made up the western roman empire ?
what is vito corleone real name ?
what is the king of spain 's name ?
what district does john cornyn represent ?
what language do they speak in argentina yahoo ?
who drafted kevin garnett ?
what is zip code for chicago illinois ?
what did caitlyn jenner win gold for ?
who is prime minister '' -g of japan 2011 ?
what year did aaron rodgers get drafted ?
who plays the voice of kovu ?
who is martin luther king , jr. jr wife ?
who is the new governor of florida 2011 ?
what type of planes does virgin america fly ?
what city is the university of maryland university college in ?
where did anne frank live before the war ?
where do the san francisco giants play baseball ?
what club team is diego forlán on ?
what state is kaplan university online located ?
what timezone are the bahamas ?
what inspired john steinbeck to write ?
who is the leader of cuba 2012 ?
what musical instruments did duke ellington play ?
where is the blue hills bank pavilion ?
what all does google have ?
what is the boston celtics current roster ?
who plays ray barone ?
what tv shows are taped in new york city ?
who is prime minister '' -g of japan 2012 ?
what countries speak spanish wikipedia ?
who runs china 2011 ?
what major airport is near destin florida ?
what is the current government of vietnam ?
what countries was the vietnam war between ?
what to see outside of paris ?
where did laura ingalls wilder live ?
who did jason segel date ?
who did kat graham play in parent trap ?
what does sammy hagar sing ?
who plays young alexander luthor in smallville ?
who is lamar odom playing for in 2012 ?
what are the main sports in new zealand ?
who makes lois griffin voice ?
what is the zip code for trenton ga ?
what language do you speak in finland ?
what kind of system of government does the united states of america have ?
what inventions did leonardo da vinci made ?
what was lebron james rookie year ?
what are shirley temple kids names ?
who does malcom floyd play for ?
what position does terrell owens play ?
what did kourtney kardashian go to college for ?
who was louis xvi of france ?
what was the name of tecumseh brother ?
what did donna summers die from ?
what year did allen iverson get married ?
where did eleanor roosevelt go to school ?
what country does turkey trade with ?
what do people speak in singapore ?
who played jacob black ?
what movies star adam sandler ?
what university did bill clinton graduated from ?
where did john f. kennedy go to school ?
when did the ny new york knicks last win a championship ?
who was lajos kossuth ?
what country do arabsic people come from ?
when did the boston red sox win the pennant ?
what type of legal system does italy have ?
what bass does jared followill use ?
who played james t. kirk in star trek ?
where is canadian county oklahoma ?
what does rob kardashian do for living ?
where is oceania on a map ?
what can you do in palm springs ca ?
when was the last time the ny giants played in the superbowl ?
who is adam sandler ?
who was the president of pakistan in 1980 ?
what does the adriatic sea border ?
what teams played in the 2010 stanley cup ?
who plays mary jane in spider-man 3 ?
who was the grandson of king david 's father ?
when president lincoln was elected ?
where is devon sawa now ?
who did the cleveland browns draft ?
who was marilyn monroe 's parents ?
what to do when traveling to london ?
where is shoreditch ?
where does ryan lochte live now ?
what political party was henry clay ?
who did corey feldman marriage ?
who is the voice of lois from family guy ?
what was walt the walt disney company 's first cartoon called ?
what did mary harris jones accomplish ?
what does the letters european union stand for ?
what label is jojo signed to ?
what does russian people speak ?
who is playing jason morgan on general hospital ?
what countries do they speak switzerland0an ?
who does david beckham play for in 2013 ?
who nikki reed play in twilight ?
who does blake griffin play for in the nba ?
who played mulder in the x-files ?
what are bridgit mendler 's parents names ?
what tourist attractions are in houston texas ?
who are the current maryland senators ?
what form of government does greece use ?
who was the original voice of meg on family guy ?
where is tahiti bora bora ?
where did joe namath live ?
what films has kristen stewart starred in ?
what does annie leibovitz do ?
who did mike tomlin play for ?
what kind of currency does cuba use ?
who is ben roethlisberger parents ?
what movies have robert pattinson starred in ?
what political party is barack obama from ?
what organization did martin luther king , jr. lead ?
what year did michael jordan started his career ?
what kind of guitar does jemaine clement play ?
who is the falcons quarterback 2012 ?
what is the work of charles darwin ?
what movies have adam sandler been in ?
what was one of benjamin franklin 's inventions ?
what does duffy sing ?
what school did tupac go to ?
what does guyana speak ?
where did the flemish live ?
what year did the houston rockets win their first championship ?
what religion in thailand ?
who is elizabeth i of england father ?
what other languages does switzerland speak ?
what team is ronaldinho on ?
who plays paul blart : mall cop ?
who is kobe bryant wife bio ?
what kind of government system does canada have ?
what type of government did sparta greece have ?
what kind of voting system does japan have ?
what are the names of all the countries in africa ?
who was cleopatra marriage too ?
what was jesse james wife name ?
who plays spike in buffy the vampire slayer ?
when was gardasil released to the public ?
who became president when roosevelt died in office ?
where did martin luther king , jr. went to school ?
who voice acts peter griffin ?
who was charles darwin marriage to ?
who plays lynette on desperate housewives ?
what year was michael jordan rookie year ?
what timezone is the state of texas ?
what did chadwick identify ?
what system of government does nigeria have ?
who played boss hogg the dukes of hazzard ?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow ?
what religion is king henry viii of england ?
where did james baldwin go to school ?
who was joseph pulitzer and what did he do ?
what was basketball player michael jordan 's major in college ?
what kind government does canada have ?
who played daniel larusso ?
who does david beckham play for in 2012 ?
what movies did j.j. abrams direct ?
what countries does armenia border ?
what two countries speak italyan ?
when richard nixon was president ?
what job did martin luther king , jr. jr have ?
what characters does seth macfarlane voice ?
what has ian somerhalder played in ?
who is andrew carnegie and what did he do ?
who plays lorne on angel ?
what form of government exists in china ?
what influenced abraham lincoln to become president ?
who is ruling north korea now ?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for now 2011 ?
which states does the mississippi river pass through ?
where was san gabriel arcangel located ?
what type of artwork did henri matisse produce ?
what is gibby 's mom 's name ?
what type of music does ella fitzgerald sing ?
what movies are directed by steven spielberg ?
what movies does alyson stoner play in ?
who did paul jr marriage ?
what region is czech republic in ?
who the voice of jack skellington ?
who raised queen victoria ?
who are the famous athletes in kenya ?
what to see in staten island new york ?
what language do egyptians use ?
what teams did wayne gretzky play on ?
where was barack obama educated ?
who did wayne gretzky play 4 ?
what is the name of the main train station in san francisco ?
what does the dominican republic speak ?
when did barry zito won the cy young ?
who is paul revere and what did he do ?
what airlines hub in phoenix ?
where did cutler jay go to college ?
who did etta james marriage ?
who played andy in toy story 3 ?
who was galileo galilei ?
what school did bill gates go to ?
what movies did miley cyrus play in ?
who do nate robinson play for ?
what years did jackie robinson play baseball ?
who all has steve nash played for ?
where does jason statham live ?
what language is cyprus using ?
what to do in roatán bay ?
where is mount jefferson located ?
what is the state symbols of colorado ?
which airport is closest to the city of chicago ?
what movies did adam sandler play in ?
who is the baltimore ravens quarterback 2012 ?
what is john steinbeck best known for ?
when was barack obama elected president ?
who nominated anthony kennedy ?
who was the voice of darth vader in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ?
what year did lamar odom play for the los angeles clippers ?
what is the government of chile ?
what movie does none3 play in ?
what movies does zac efron star in ?
what is the political system of nigeria ?
where is puerto galera , oriental mindoro ?
what all did michael jackson own ?
what form of government does canada have ?
what language does people speak in australia ?
who controls panama ?
when did baltimore orioles win the world series ?
what to do and see in miami florida ?
what movies did chris farley do ?
where george washington carver go to school ?
who plays steffy on the bold and the beautiful ?
who was niccolò machiavelli influenced by ?
where is baybrook mall ?
what year did spudd webb won the dunk contest ?
what did randy jackson play in journey ?
where does roman abramovich live ?
who is nolan ryan marriage to ?
who played carlton banks ?
who is the current leader of cuba today ?
what books did emily dickinson wrote ?
what hotel should i stay in san francisco ?
who created youtube ?
what to do in hong kong for a week ?
what influenced andy warhol 's work ?
what is fresno state 's zip code ?
what kourtney kardashian baby girls name ?
what is the present form of government in iran ?
what does icelandic sound like ?
where does bill richardson live ?
who are the judges on the supreme court of the united states ?
what club did aguero play for before man city ?
who plays jay adams in lords of dogtown ?
what system of government is united states of americaed in the united states of america ?
what did the house of habsburg control ?
when did indianapolis colts last win the super bowl ?
what songs has madonna written ?
who was lincoln 's vice president when he died ?
where did pope benedict xvi live ?
what language brazil use ?
what is there to do around austin texas ?
what countries in the world speak german ?
who plays effy stonem in skins uk ?
what countries use the euro as official currency ?
which college did barack obama graduated ?
who is henry david thoreau ?
who are richard pryor children ?
what club did santi cazorla play for ?
what highschool did bill gates graduated from ?
what year did detroit pistons win nba championships ?
who did tutankhamun marriage ?
what political party did john bell belong to ?
what countries are part of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) ?
who is chris cooley marriage to ?
where is port st. johns florida ?
what teams does kroenke own ?
where was the battle of shiloh ?
what party was woodrow wilson from ?
what part does none0 play in family guy ?
what type of government does vietnam have today ?
what type of aircraft does virgin america use ?
where is the university of oregon state university ?
who did george wendt play on cheers ?
who played cruella de vil in 102 dalmatians ?
what ethnicity are people from iran ?
what movie did tom hanks won his first oscar ?
who played old bilbo ?
what country did francis drake represent ?
what books did lincoln write ?
what are popular sports in spain ?
what did corey haim act in ?
who is the publisher of the wall street journal ?
what products are made in united states of americaa ?
what do tibetan people speak ?
who was the wife of king edward vii ?
when did freddy krueger die ?
who played bernie focker ?
who did troy aikman play for ?
what sport is popular in china ?
what to do with kids in phx az ?
where does kirk cameron live now ?
who was the voice of nemo 's dad ?
what 4 countries are part of the united kingdom ?
who was king george v father ?
who played michael myers in halloween 4 : the return of michael myers ?
what to do in palo alto ca with kids ?
what disease did abraham lincoln have ?
what are the holidays of islam ?
what represents ghana ?
what to see in downtown asheville nc ?
what sports do canadians like ?
when did carolina hurricanes win the cup ?
who does j. r. smith play for 2012 ?
who has dirk nowitzki played for ?
what did maria theresa rule ?
what was jack london 's education ?
what club team does ronaldinho play for ?
what is the official currency in france ?
what state did roger sherman represent at the constitutional convention ?
what is molly ringwald in ?
what movies has scarlett johansson played in ?
where does bradley cooper live now ?
what country do they speak persian language ?
what basketball team does kris humphrey play for ?
what is time zone in hawaii ?
where did kobe bryant attend high school ?
what did jack kevorkian do ?
who played none9a 's mother in star wars ?
what type of voting system does the united kingdom have ?
where is the warmest weather in the united states of america in december ?
what did john howard study at university ?
what did duke ellington do ?
from which university did president barack obama receive his bachelor 's degree ?
what year did new york yankees win their first world series ?
when was the last time the new england patriots won the super bowl ?
what is st francis patron saint of ?
who does larry david play in seinfeld ?
what type of government does israel ?
what political experience did abraham lincoln have ?
where does brian williams live ?
where is downtown littleton ?
what did shawnee smith star in ?
what countries include western europe ?
what timezone is new mexico currently in ?
who is the current president of china 2010 ?
what is the legislature of missouri called ?
what did harriet beecher stowe do as an abolitionist ?
who is liz lemon marrying on 30 rock ?
where was the battle of appomattox court house located ?
what time zone is fresno ca ?
who was the governor of missouri in 1996 ?
what was the cause of death for sage stallone ?
what years did the new york yankees win the championship ?
what did samuel de champlain ?
what was william faulkner known for ?
what language did the miwok indians speak ?
who was audrey hepburn 's husbands ?
who were elizabeth i of england parents ?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for ?
who 's betty white ?
what movies did quentin tarantino star in ?
what language does the new zealand speak ?
what kind of cancer killed larry hagman have ?
what kind of drugs does charlie sheen do ?
who was irving berlin and what did he do ?
where did sir ernest shackleton live ?
who does leia organa think her father is ?
what languages do people speak in switzerland ?
who is president of france ?
what was theodore roosevelt 's political party ?
where ulysses s. grant go to school ?
what music did antonio vivaldi compose ?
who plays batman '' -u in 2012 ?
where does selena gomez live right now 2010 ?
who is the member of rajya sabha ?
who is the leader of syria now ?
what was eli whitney education ?
what movies has renée zellweger been in ?
what other writers influenced charles dickens ?
what is daniel radcliffe name in the woman in black ?
where does avril lavigne live now ?
who plays stewie griffin 's voice family guy ?
what should i see in london england ?
what language do iraqi people speak ?
what did regina hall play in ?
who plays jacob black in twilight ?
what american penny is worth money ?
who plays noah bennet ?
what is the language used in indonesia ?
what was the name of martin luther king , jr. jr parents ?
what year magic johnson retired ?
what kind of government does spain have now ?
who plays young john winchester in supernatural ?
what region is manchester england ?
where was the gettysburg war located ?
what do people go to amsterdam for ?
who is the elected governor of california ?
what language chile speak ?
what team did john madden play football for ?
what does julian clary do ?
what years the pittsburgh steelers won the super bowl ?
where does danish language come from ?
what nation did adolf hitler lead ?
what time is in london london heathrow airport ?
who played elle greenaway ?
who was donald duck 's girlfriend ?
what party was winston churchill in politics ?
what 4 teams did wayne gretzky play for ?
who was asa philip randolph ?
where are brembo brakes from ?
what to see and do in san diego california ?
what is the zip code for clarksville tn ?
where 's wayne state ?
who is the president of cuba in 2009 ?
who does avril lavigne play in over the hedge ?
where is the university of alabama ?
who tom cruise been marriage to ?
who is president of pakistan 2012 ?
what country did james watt come from ?
what instrument did louis armstrong like to play ?
what types of government does china have ?
where is the boeing company ?
what does bill gates own ?
what are the two houses in congress ?
what is the major language spoken in canada ?
what did camille grammer do for a living ?
what jamaican language called ?
what is the government structure of germany ?
who was queen elizabeth i of england 's mother ?
who does barack obama look up to ?
who played heath barkley ?
what year did baltimore ravens win the super bowl ?
what did edward jenner do for a living ?
when did shawn johnson won the gold medal ?
what did brittany murphy died of ?
what type of political system does north korea have ?
who will play clary in city of bones ?
who are the two current senators of illinois ?
when did the orioles win the pennant ?
who did stephenie meyer play in twilight ?
who played giles on buffy the vampire slayer ?
what teams are in the american league west ?
where does didier drogba play now ?
who owns chrysler group llc corporation 2012 ?
what are the name of mitt romney sons ?
what was the cause of death of larry hagman ?
what school did sir isaac newton go to ?
what was robert hooke 's contributions to science ?
in which country is mount everest found ?
what form of government does germany use ?
what language do haitian speak ?
who is nick grimshaw ?
who played betty rizzo in grease ?
what school does bart simpson go to ?
where is mark sanchez now ?
where did caroline kennedy go to school ?
what type of government is united states of america government ?
what is william shakespeare parents names ?
what are the basic beliefs of islam religion ?
where does sam shepard live ?
in what state was the air force academy established ?
what are the names of harry potter books in order ?
what years did the orioles play in the world series ?
what did fred goodwin do ?
what school did burne hogarth establish ?
who is marilyn monroe and why is she famous ?
what time zone is it in california ?
who is reba mcentire 's son ?
who did julie andrews play in shrek ?
when did the celtics win championship ?
what does canada export and import the most ?
what episode does none1 come in ?
what was elijah mccoy famous for ?
who did john paul jones fight for ?
what is charlotte north carolina known for ?
where is glastonbury connecticut ?
what is arlington texas zip code ?
what years did new york yankees win championships ?
what characters does none0 play in family guy ?
what year did steve nash play for the mavericks ?
where is arabic language used ?
what instruments does katy perry play ?
who was francis drake marriage to ?
where does don king live ?
who did deborah sampson marriage ?
what form of government does mexico ?
where to stay in san francisco ca ?
what team does reggie bush play for 2011 ?
who is the current president of dominican republic 2011 ?
who played obi-wan kenobi kenobi in star wars episode i : the phantom menace ?
what is the newspaper in phoenix ?
who invented facebook wikipedia ?
where is sony corporation headquarters located ?
who wore the darth vader suit in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith ?
what movies has scarlett johansson in ?
what happened to adolf hitler at the end of the war ?
what is the political system in england ?
what does rupert murdoch own 2012 ?
where did william howard taft go to high school ?
when did the chicago bulls win their first championship ?
what did sammy davis , jr. die of ?
what country did francis drake explored for ?
what two countries share a border with the great lakes ?
what year did dwyane wade came to the nba ?
what religion does tom cruise follow ?
what is the president of france 's name ?
what language do lakota peoples speak ?
where did ayn rand live ?
where are the headquarters of the united nations organization found ?
what influenced roy lichtenstein artwork ?
what state did romney governor ?
what movies does ryan gosling star in ?
where is kentucky located ?
what is the time zone in france ?
what kind of economy was the soviet union ?
who is steve nash marriage to ?
what is the name of cincinnati bengals quarterback ?
what do michelle obama do for a living ?
who does paul wesley play in 24 ?
what is the name of the sacred text of islam ?
who stars in the movie fred claus ?
where did bernard madoff live ?
what killed sammy davis , jr. ?
where to hang out in chicago ?
what are the best things to do in san diego ?
who are the senators of kansas 2013 ?
what influenced jackson pollock 's work ?
what is the official language of the ukraine ?
who won 2001 fa cup ?
what songs did duane allman sing ?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies ?
what team did joe hart play for before manchester city f.c . ?
who did scarlett johansson marriage ?
what team did doug williams play for ?
what are the different sports in the philippines ?
who won the presidential race in venezuela ?
where did willy wonka take place ?
what degree did martin luther king , jr. get ?
what type of music did antonio vivaldi write ?
when did the boston celtics win their first championship ?
who is cameron crowe ?
what is the national anthem of russia ?
what are all the countries in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) ?
what does tim gunn do for a living ?
what was eli whitney job ?
what political party was adolf hitler from ?
who did hermione granger marry ?
what does taiwan people speak ?
what state is george washington university located in ?
what is the state bird and flower of michigan ?
who are the judges of the supreme court ?
who is the president of brazil now ?
what years have the baltimore ravens won the super bowl ?
what year did the new york mets win their first world series ?
who was leonardo da vinci teacher ?
what football teams did emmitt smith play for ?
what city is purdue university located ?
what language does people in thailand speak ?
what does beth tweddle compete in ?
what airport is closest to downtown toronto ?
what to do around krabi thailand ?
who is the actor that plays rico in hannah montana ?
what does andy warhol do ?
where is colombia the country ?
who does jodelle ferland play in eclipse ?
what timezone is nevada in right now ?
what team did deion sanders play for in baseball ?
what did dr carter g. woodson do ?
what films have taylor lautner starred in ?
who played elaine on doc martin '' -g ?
what airport does southwest fly to in denver ?
who started google ?
in what timezone is arizona ?
who portrayed indiana jones in indiana jones and the raiders of the lost ark ?
what is the buddhism holy book ?
who is jason morgan marriage to in real life ?
what is colorado 's state flower ?
who was phil harris marriage to ?
which jane austen books are movies ?
what year did los angeles lakers win their first championship ?
who plays dante falconeri ?
what sports are played in canada ?
who is the president of israel '' -g 2012 ?
who does allen iverson play for now 2010 ?
what party was lincoln affiliated with ?
what god does taoism believe in ?
what college did kris humphries play for ?
what do mali people speak ?
who is john garcia ?
what type of government does japan currently have ?
what do israeli people speak ?
what year did george washington become the president ?
who was the first wife of prophet muhammad in islam ?
what does george soros believe ?
who was sam houston answers ?
who is sherri shepherd 's new husband ?
who did kevin garnett play for before celtics ?
who the voice of peter griffin ?
who is the governor of california 2010 ?
where is st. louis cardinals stadium ?
where does manny pacquiao live ?
when were the duggar kids born ?
what four countries are in the united kingdom ?
who does sam bradford play for ?
what airlines fly into ontario international airport ?
what school did kurt vonnegut go to ?
what movies has halle berry starred in ?
what was the capital of ancient israel ?
where is sony mobile communications based ?
what school did michael jordan go to ?
what do you speak in singapore ?
what has sara paxton been in ?
what primary school did sir isaac newton go to ?
who won the fa cup in 2008 ?
who plays jacob black in the twilight movies ?
who is rob kardashian dating now 2012 ?
where does honda play soccer ?
what government did japan have ?
what all does stan kroenke own ?
what language do you speak in austria ?
who was rosemary clooney marriage to ?
where did roger moore live ?
where is portuguese language spoken ?
who is marriage to garth brooks ?
what political party was adolf hitler the leader of ?
who did plaxico burress sign with 2012 ?
who does zach galifianakis play in the hangover ?
who plays lois in family guy ?
what are 2 inventions benjamin franklin is credited with creating ?
what band does adam levine sing for ?
where did robert hooke get his education ?
what country did truman lead ?
what is language in argentina ?
what time is kansas in ?
who did michael jackson play in the wiz ?
what was gregor mendel known for ?
what drugs does charlie sheen do ?
what is the capital city of assyrian empire ?
which countries speak english ?
what is the zip code for cordova tn ?
what is julia gillard party ?
what is the origin of the turkish language ?
when did tom brady join the patriots ?
what is isaac newton famous for ?
where did barack obama went to school ?
what battles did robert e. lee participate in ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of canada in 1998 ?
what did ron howard direct ?
who are william shakespeare siblings ?
what team did albert pujols play for ?
what inspired claude monet ?
where does kaka live ?
what are fun things to do in seattle wa ?
what is the language called in turkey ?
where does the latin language come from ?
who were mary shelley 's parents ?
what do do in new york ?
what are some of the religions in australia ?
what language do they speak in indonesia ?
what type of political system is headed by queen elizabeth ii ?
what is the actual current local time now in united kingdom ?
where did chris cuomo go ?
what is there to do in palm springs ?
where is auburn university at ?
where do the houston rockets play basketball ?
who was the president of the united states during ww2 ?
what language do russian people speak ?
what are the four harry potter house names ?
who has none1 played for ?
when is the gold cup cheltenham ?
who did howie long marriage ?
what region of the world is north america '' -u in ?
who is the current governor of georgia 2011 ?
where do navajo nations live ?
what instrument does ringo starr play ?
who are china 's trading partners ?
where did rich rodriguez get fired ?
who did mario lopez just marriage ?
what happened to president james a. garfield ?
what time zone am i in missouri ?
who is paul mccartney 's current wife ?
what channel is anderson cooper talk show on ?
what drugs were in whitney houston when she died ?
who did warren moon play for ?
what prep school did romney attend ?
what is bethenny frankel husband name ?
who is the present president of china ?
who speaks stewie griffin on family guy ?
who influenced arthur conan doyle ?
who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird ?
what instrument does fela kuti play ?
who was charlemagne 's wife ?
where did woodrow wilson go to school ?
who is lamar odom married too ?
what sports do people in france play ?
what wars did robert e. lee lead ?
what language do native american englishrican indians speak ?
where did tennessee williams live ?
what language do they in belgium ?
who plays walter in fringe ?
where is port st. lucie florida on the map ?
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series ?
what is the state motto of massachusetts ?
who is the current president of chile 2011 ?
where did johann sebastian bach live ?
what timezone is malaysia ?
what wars have france been involved in ?
who was the members of blackstreet ?
what does a american rottweiler look like ?
what does scottish people speak ?
who all has kim kardashian dated ?
who are the main trading partners of china ?
who is the voice of family guys meg griffin ?
what type of government does the nigeria have ?
where is united states of americac from ?
where great britain on the world map ?
what to see in dallas tx ?
what is my timezone in california ?
what is president abraham lincoln known for ?
who does jemaine clement play in despicable me ?
what is jacqueline kennedy onassis famous for ?
what currency is used in france before euro ?
who started up mcdonald'snalds ?
what major landforms are located in egypt ?
who played nba finals 2010 ?
what state was ronald reagan governor of ?
what is the most practiced religion in the united states of america ?
who has britney spears marriage ?
what are fun things to do in denver colorado ?
what years did the boston red sox win the world series ?
what war was woodrow wilson president for ?
where are the miami marlins from ?
what language does romanian people speak ?
what date was john adams elected president ?
who nominated stephen breyer ?
which party was lincoln ?
who are the two current illinois senators ?
what did robin gibb died from ?
what were adolf hitler 's parents names ?
what did jordyn wieber win gold for ?
what job does bill rancic have ?
what did robert hooke discover ?
what has lucy hale played in ?
who won 2011 heisman trophy ?
who is the falcons kicker ?
what language do argentina use ?
what languages do people speak in egypt ?
what style of art did henri matisse use ?
who plays alan parrish in jumanji ?
who was reese witherspoon married too ?
what is illinois state flower called ?
what language do they speak thailand ?
what are the major religions in poland ?
what is the san francisco giants mascot ?
where is the main headquarters of the united nations ?
what utc time zone is arizona ?
who played as barney ?
who played elaine 's boyfriend on seinfeld ?
who did juan ponce de león marriage ?
what times is it in texas ?
where is the fukushima daiichi located ?
who plays claudia joy on army wives ?
what language does greece use ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of australia in 1958 ?
what movies has taylor momsen been in ?
what was henry ford best known for ?
what kind of music did michael jackson sing ?
what education does jeff corwin have ?
what movies has chris colfer been in ?
where the queen of denmark lives ?
who was the real erin brockovich ?
what position does mitt romney hold ?
who is country singer jewel marriage to ?
what movies does tupac act in ?
where does the appalachian national scenic trail run through ?
what clubs has lionel messi played for ?
where is merrell shoes headquarters ?
who does the uk trade with ?
what color are the baltimore ravens ?
what year did detroit pistons win the championship ?
what does anderson cooper do ?
what movies did matt bomer play in ?
who is ellen bernstein ?
when was ronald reagan inaugurated ?
what kind of education did barack obama have ?
what did james k. polk believe in ?
what religions are recognized in canada ?
who played alexander luthor in the original superman ?
what does kat dennings star in ?
what are the major sports played in venezuela ?
what did roger sherman do for a living ?
who does ryan newman race for ?
what was the political system in libya ?
who plays the voice of lois griffin on family guy ?
when did michael schumacher win his first title ?
where does sally pearson live ?
what do they speak in austria ?
what are major religions in the united states of america ?
what things did thomas edison invent ?
who has played edward quartermaine on general hospital ?
what kind of language does switzerland speak ?
what are fun things to do in philadelphia ?
who does david carr play for ?
where did jackie robinson go to school ?
who plays stacey in zoey 101 ?
who is steven seagal sister ?
where was f f. scott fitzgerald education ?
what is the primary language of israel ?
who is marriage to jane krakowski ?
what role did tom cruise play in endless love ?
where to go in phnom penh cambodia ?
what countries in the world speak arabic language ?
what to do in nadi fiji ?
who is francis bacon and what did he do ?
what type of government does the bahamas have ?
where is amazon based out of ?
where did robert boyle study ?
what is there to see near the grand canyon ?
where does héctor camacho live ?
what language do cyprus speak ?
where does fábio aurélio play ?
what war did george washington help win ?
where does danny ainge live ?
what company did verizon communications used to be ?
who was tutankhamun 's wife ?
what team did magic johnson play for ?
what are the kennedy family ?
where is sarajevo located ?
what art movement was pablo picasso '' -u part of ?
what language do they speak in egyptian ?
what countries are included in the continent of asia ?
who owns wikimedia foundation ?
what war was george washington president during ?
when did miami dolphins win super bowl ?
what timezone is minnesota in ?
where did lauren conrad live ?
what is there fun to do in san diego ?
where did matthias jakob schleiden do his work ?
what songs does katherine jenkins sing ?
what is ryan seacrest famous for ?
what is the current leader of japan ?
how much indiana jones movies are there ?
what does george soros own ?
who is the president of ecuador in 2012 ?
what city became the capital of the assyrian empire ?
where does frida kahlo live now ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
who did ronald reagan get shot by ?
who did john f. kennedy marriage ?
what movies did zoe saldana play in ?
who does nikki reed play in the movie twilight ?
what does matt dallas do now ?
what type of cancer did donna summer died from ?
what did jerry sandusky do to the children ?
what is the state flower of pennsylvania ?
what school did michael jackson attend ?
what does kenya moore do for a living ?
who was wale signed to ?
who did tyson chandler play for ?
what character did liv tyler play in lord of the rings ?
who played leia organaa in star wars movies ?
what job did george w. bush bush have ?
where is the caribbean geographically located ?
what was howard carter 's job ?
what was the cause of death of michael jackson ?
who won governor in connecticut 2010 ?
what is the main language spoken in switzerland ?
where was the vietnam war located ?
who is the owner of the philadelphia eagles ?
where did giovanni da verrazzano live ?
what was antonio vivaldi known for ?
who is the coach of the pittsburgh steelers 2005 ?
when are the summer olympic gamess held ?
when did mcgee start on ncis ?
where to fly in for galápagos islandss ?
who has tom brady played for ?
who are betty white 's husbands ?
what years have the giants won the world series ?
where did nick clegg go to prep school ?
what did johannes kepler accomplish ?
who is ellen dow ?
what do ethiopia import and export ?
what challenges did helen keller have to face ?
who is none1 brother ?
where does morrissey live 2010 ?
what teams did jim harbaugh play for ?
who played atticus finch in the movie ?
who has the voice of stewie griffin ?
what party did john tyler belong to ?
who is jensen ackles in a relationship with ?
who is the voice actor for eric cartman ?
what language do irish people speak ?
who is the governor of indiana 2012 ?
who was kim kardashian 's first husband ?
who did jerry rice retire with ?
where did dr martin luther king , jr. get his doctorate ?
who is the governor of wyoming currently ?
what language does egyptians use ?
what is phoebe halliwell 's real name ?
where are facebook headquarters located ?
what was the roman political system ?
what government type is north korea ?
who plays hermione granger ?
what year did giants win world series ?
what kind of government iran have ?
who is shania twain 's husband ?
who plays jason gideon ?
what are the gods of islam ?
what was vasco núñez de balboa original purpose of his journey ?
what team did kaka play for in 2009 ?
what political system is in china ?
what guitar did clapton play ?
who did joseph from the bible marry ?
what did sir john herschel do ?
where did wassily kandinsky work ?
where does jeb bush live ?
who influenced michael jackson ?
who was the leader of soviet union in 1948 ?
what country does japan export to ?
what ship did sir francis drake travel on ?
what did kellie martin play on ?
who is neil patrick harris dating ?
where is the capital city of assyrians ?
what type of political system is iran ?
what do people from guam speak ?
what to do if you have one day in bangkok ?
what timezone is virginia in ?
what is the dominican republic part of ?
where does spencer pratt go to school ?
who played lt uhura ?
what schools did barack obama attend ?
where is the french alps located ?
what year was peyton manning 's rookie year ?
who was peter frampton marriage to ?
what is the hawaii time zone ?
who has coached the baltimore ravens ?
what teams did manny ramirez play for ?
what other jobs did benjamin franklin have ?
what kind of guitar does lindsey buckingham play ?
what college did joe namath attend ?
what city uses greenwich mean time zone ?
what zip code is chicago il ?
what is the political system in argentina ?
what is janelle monae famous for ?
what four regions make up the united kingdom ?
what kind of political system does iran have ?
who did bryce dallas howard play in eclipse ?
who owns audi 2011 ?
what are the two dialects of chinese ?
who was michael jackson in the wiz ?
what is the major language spoken in greece ?
who wrote luke bryan 's drunk on you ?
what time is it in japan 24 hour clock ?
what state is barack obama senator for ?
what kinda music does john mayer sing ?
what language do brazil speak ?
who was darth vader in episode 3 ?
what does barack obama have a degree in ?
who is the political leader of japan ?
when is the last time the raiders won a championship ?
where is the time zone in florida ?
what type of political system is spain ?
what are the names of snoopy brothers and sisters ?
what is thomas edison 's most famous for ?
what does jennifer lopez do ?
where does president barack obama live ?
what did whitney houston die of ?
what movies has selena gomez starred in ?
what high school did khloé kardashian go to ?
who is the 2011 heisman trophy winner ?
what contribution did hooke made to science in 1665 ?
what did eli whitney invented ?
who owns the chrysler group llc corporation ?
who was michael j. fox ?
what movies did jenna dewan play in ?
what is the bosnia and herzegovina language ?
what is father name of salman khan ?
what writers influenced charles dickens ?
what is michael bublé 's style of music ?
where did the miami marlins ?
what movies did taylor lautner star in ?
what do egyptians speak ?
what language did the egyptians ?
who plays sarah marshall ?
when did babe ruth start playing baseball in the mlb ?
who plays marlo on the wire ?
what is the zip code for inglewood california ?
who was the first actor to play edward quartermaine ?
where did the founder of google go to college ?
what made roald dahl famous ?
what school did martin luther king , jr. jr attend ?
who did lenny kravitz marriage ?
what is the second official language of canada ?
who coached the dallas cowboys in 1996 ?
what is the language called in russia ?
who does hank baskett play for now nov 2010 ?
who was the president of the united states in 1971 ?
what team did ronaldo play for ?
what to do today in birmingham uk ?
how old is the current president of north korea ?
what show does tamera mowry play on ?
what language do the people speak in australia ?
what countries does the niger river flow through ?
what is the official state flower of arizona ?
what games did bungie make ?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for 2012 ?
what type of laws did mary harris jones demand ?
what team did kobe bryant play for first ?
what kind of government does vietnam have ?
what language do the speak in switzerland ?
what type of paintings did marc chagall do ?
what does chilean people speak ?
what were frederick douglass achievements ?
what is zip code for davenport iowa ?
what was the name of william shakespeare 's children ?
who played howard stern in private parts ?
which team does ronaldinho play for ?
when did new york giants win the super bowl ?
who does sonny bill williams play for 2012 ?
who are senators from utah ?
what do do in nashville tn ?
what inventions did robert hooke made ?
what team does derrick rose play for ?
what countries do new zealand export to ?
what type of government does the former soviet union have ?
which the legend of zelda game is the first ?
what years have the pittsburgh steelers won the super bowl ?
what countries does britain own ?
what government does france have ?
who played dorothy in the film wizard of oz ?
what languages do they speak in russia ?
who plays jim halpert ?
where does jamie chung live ?
who voices ray in archer ?
who plays edward elric ?
who plays lola bunny on the looney tunes show ?
where did frank baum live ?
what are the places to see in dubai ?
what characters does todd haberkorn voice ?
where the latin language come from ?
what language do pakistani people talk ?
what does china border ?
what was alice walker famous for ?
where did michael jackson went to school ?
where is the time zone in kentucky ?
what albums did john frusciante play on ?
what influenced whitman 's edgar allan poetry ?
what did martin luther king , jr. jr do in his life ?
what kind of legal system does australia have ?
where did jimmy hoffa live ?
where people speak welsh ?
what children 's literatures did suzanne collins wrote ?
what is the zip code for morgantown in ?
who plays bella on twilight ?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 ?
where did elvis presley live before he died ?
what to do in daytona beach ?
who does paul walker play in fast and furious ?
where did kevin hart go to school ?
what language does people from denmark '' -u speak ?
what did susan atkins die of ?
who plays tommy oliver in power rangers ?
what year did dwight howard won the slam dunk contest ?
what were adolf hitler 's parents names ?
when was the first pope of the roman catholic church ?
what currency do i bring to cuba ?
what kind of government does mongolia ?
what form of government is the philippines ?
who plays stewie griffin on family guy ?
what are the two major religions in canada ?
what kind of government do the canadians have ?
who plays stewie griffin 's voice ?
what team does plaxico burress play for ?
where english is spoken in the world ?
what office does paul ryan hold ?
who is daniel in the bible ?
who played marty mcfly 's dad ?
who is joseph simmons mother ?
who plays john connor in terminator salvation ?
what year doug williams won the super bowl ?
where did heidi klum and seal get marriage ?
who created the communist party of china ?
who plays the voice of meg in family guy ?
what can you visit in london ?
what form of government does north korea ?
where is located cornell university ?
who speaks arabic language ?
what dialects are spoken in the united kingdom ?
what should i visit in venice ?
when was the last time iran invaded another country ?
what team does kareem abdul-jabbar play for ?
who is jeffrey probst ex wife ?
what is paige matthews 's powers ?
where did nadia boulanger live ?
what year did michael jordan get drafted ?
who does mark sanchez play for ?
what are the main imports and exports of afghanistan ?
what movies have gerard butler been in ?
what type of government germany have ?
what is there to do in montpelier vt ?
who is the leader of japan right now ?
what is charlie sheen 's dad 's name ?
how much major league baseball teams are there ?
what office does john boehner hold ?
who was betty white marriage too ?
who plays mary jane in spider-man 2 ?
what languages do scottish people speak ?
what types of government does france have ?
where is mount st. helens ?
who are the players on the toronto maple leafs ?
what present day countries use english as their national language ?
what to do in ottawa ontario today ?
where did paul ryan live ?
who is galileo galilei and what is he famous for ?
what is gurung language0 ?
what sort of government does canada have ?
what country does mexico trade with ?
what form of government does australia ?
who was the voice of simba ?
who did james franco play on general hospital ?
which party did lincoln belong to ?
who plays saruman in lord of the rings ?
what teams did shaquille o'neal play 4 ?
who was vice president under lincoln ?
what state is the george washington university in ?
what color are the arizona cardinals uniforms ?
when was george h.w . bush elected president ?
where the seneca people lived ?
what did the harlem renaissance created ?
what movies gerard butler in ?
where is glastonbury united kingdom ?
what language did ancient romans write in ?
what team does diego forlán currently play for ?
what other movies is liam hemsworth in ?
what to do downtown san francisco ?
what kind of cancer did bob marley died from ?
who was luke skywalker played by ?
who was the richard nixon0 when richard nixon was president ?
who does the voice of kovu in lion king ?
what year was tom brady drafted ?
what party is bloomberg affiliated with ?
where does t. boone pickens live ?
when did the new york mets win the pennant ?
what countries does japan export to ?
where is arabic language the official language ?
what events does stephanie rice compete in ?
where did charlton heston live ?
where did hurricane irene ?
where to visit in orlando florida ?
what sports do they have in china ?
what band did joe satriani play in ?
what season did jason priestley leave 90210 ?
who plays shao kahn ?
where did chef chuck hughes go to school ?
what did james madison wrote ?
where is fiat abarth made ?
what does chad michael murray play in ?
what team does derek fisher play for 2012 ?
what are some important events in ancient egypt ?
when did mcgee join the ncis team ?
where is auburn university ?
who is engaged to john legend ?
what nestlé owns ?
who won governor of indiana 2012 ?
what kind of government does iran have today ?
where did the navajo nation live ?
what to see near austin ?
where did trey songz go to high school ?
who is kristen stewart parents ?
what team does lamar odom play for 2013 ?
where is louisville ne ?
what team is hank baskett playing for in 2010 ?
where is switzerland0an spoken around the world ?
what is currency in panama ?
when was the last time the kansas city chiefs won a superbowl ?
where did will smith go to high school ?
where is united arab emirates located ?
what other movies has liam hemsworth ?
what is duncan bannatyne ?
what was caesar augustus known for ?
when did bradley cooper 's dad die ?
what to do in perth scotland ?
who is keyshia cole marriage too ?
who does christine gregoire represent ?
what were some inventions of leonardo da vinci ?
who plays sam in anger management ?
where was joe biden a senator ?
what year did reggie bush get drafted ?
where does the united kingdom import from ?
who started southwest airlines ?
who is the current president of colombia 2011 ?
who is abraham descended from ?
what type of cancer did patrick swayze die from ?
what was james madison 's job ?
what language does people in france speak ?
who does queen elizabeth hair ?
what timezone is colorado in ?
what is d capital city of south africa ?
into what language family does english fall ?
who does new zealand import from ?
who is mexico 's president right now 2011 ?
what are the different dialects of chinese ?
what is the name of the alabama state tree ?
who did queen mary marriage ?
what type of money do you use in cuba ?
where in georgia does usher live ?
who are the two state senators of georgia ?
what type of government does australia use ?
what language do people in czech republic speak ?
who plays riley finn on buffy the vampire slayer ?
what kind of political system is canada ?
who plays giles in buffy the vampire slayer ?
who voices lola bunny in looney tunes ?
what did charles babbage create in the 1800s ?
who voices anakin in the clone wars ?
who plays faramir in lord of the rings ?
when is the last time chicago bulls won a championship ?
what is jonathan swift famous for ?
what is the holy book in taoism ?
who does peyton manning play 4 ?
what did adolf hitler do bad ?
what is caesar augustus known for ?
what form of government is israel ?
who is timothy hutton marriage to ?
what team does hank baskett play for 2011 season ?
what are the african nations ?
where did dr. martin luther king , jr. jr. go to school ?
what party did paul keating belong to ?
what are romney 's sons names ?
what are the major imports and exports of canada ?
what other political offices has obama been in ?
what to do in venice beach ca ?
what inspired van vincent van gogh work ?
what is wrong with robin roberts ?
what type of government does mexico use ?
what team rasheed wallace ?
what is the timezone in england called ?
what was abraham lincoln 's wife name ?
what form of government do we have in united states of americaa ?
when did shaquille o'neal come to the nba ?
what empire did maria theresa rule ?
what movie is angelina jolie directing ?
what language do they speak brazil ?
who is jimmy fallon marriage to ?
who is the coach of inter milan now ?
what movies did kristen stewart act in ?
what type of government is the philippines ?
what kind government does united states of america have ?
what does jamaican people speak ?
what did james k polk do before he was president ?
what else did benjamin franklin invent ?
who was richard nixon marriage to ?
who is governor of ohio 2011 ?
where is the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant located ?
what countries are part of the united kingdom ?
what is my timezone in louisiana ?
what did augustine of hippo do ?
who is keyshia cole dad ?
what to do today in atlanta with kids ?
what electorate does anna bligh represent ?
what timezone is sweden ?
who did cam newton sign with ?
what high school did harper lee go to ?
what timezone is utah in ?
who did george w. bush run against for the second term ?
who is niall ferguson 's wife ?
where is the galápagos islandss located on a world map ?
what are the songs that justin bieber wrote ?
what did georges clémenceau do ?
what is the state flower of arizona ?
what year did president william henry harrison take office ?
where are samsung group based ?
what did the islamic people believe in ?
what country did adolf hitler control ?
who is michael bublé ?
who did jackie robinson first play for ?
what are the religions practiced in indonesia ?
what was jesse james killed with ?
who was vp for lincoln ?
who was the first dictator of the soviet union ?
what kind of cancer did carl wilson have ?
who did michael j. fox marriage ?
what battles did stonewall jackson fight in ?
who did benjamin franklin get married to ?
what works of art did leonardo da vinci produce ?
what type of cancer did eva perón have ?
what did peter pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky do ?
which countries speak german officially ?
what type of music did john lennon sing ?
who are the colorado representatives ?
what the zip code for seattle washington ?
who is willow smith mom name ?
what do you call the chinese writing system ?
who played on the jeffersons ?
what is the name of the san francisco newspaper ?
what did randy savage died of ?
what language is spoken in haiti today ?
who played barbara gordon batgirl ?
what basketball teams has shaquille o'neal played for ?
what language do people from thailand speak ?
who did armie hammer play in the social network ?
what was thomas jefferson role in the declaration of independence ?
who did tim tebow play college football for ?
who does peyton manning play football for ?
what was robert burns ?
who did the voice of darth vader in episode 3 ?
what super bowl did peyton manning win ?
which country was justin bieber born in ?
who fought in the none1 1991 ?
who plays london tipton in the suite life on deck ?
what team did david beckham play for in 2011 ?
what all does google now do ?
what are abraham sons names ?
who wrote the jana gana mana ?
what type of cancer did gilda radner die of ?
who plays juni cortez ?
what was lucille ball ?
who inspired barack obama ?
who is michael j. fox wife ?
what type of books did agatha christie wrote ?
what are the four main languages spoken in spain ?
where is national rifle association headquarters located ?
who is gimli 's father in the hobbit ?
who developed the tcp ip reference model ?
what team does jordan own ?
who is the state governor of tennessee ?
what are the sights to see in madrid ?
what instruments did louis armstrong play ?
what year was george w bush elected ?
what time zone am i in california ?
where is mission san buenaventura located ?
where did rudolf virchow conduct his research ?
what did stephen hawking become famous for ?
who plays donna noble ?
what was theodore lesieg education ?
what document did james madison write ?
what are the three official languages of belgium ?
who played bilbo in lord of the rings ?
what airport do you fly into to get to destin fl ?
what team does colin kaepernick play for ?
who is emma stone father ?
what artistic movement did henri matisse belong to ?
who is khloé kardashian 's husband ?
what type of government does france use ?
who rules denmark '' -u right now ?
what did stephen hawking study ?
where did bristol palin go to school ?
what did theodore lesieg do ?
what school did ben roethlisberger go to ?
where did the iroquois indians come from ?
what kind of guitar did george harrison use ?
what language do navajo people speak ?
what places make up new england ?
what type of government does iraq have now ?
where was the vietnam war location ?
what school did sir ernest rutherford go to ?
what position does brandon roy play ?
where is harvard university ?
which states does the colorado river run through ?
who did scarlett johansson date ?
what type of government does united states of america follow ?
what language turkey people speak ?
who does jeremy lin play for ?
who is jimmy savile ?
where were the seneca people located ?
what countries have spanish as the national language ?
what to see in phoenix arizona ?
what is charlie chaplin famous for ?
what did fred durst do ?
who plays the voice of brian on family guy ?
what was nikola tesla inventions ?
where did flemish people come from ?
what type of government does united states of america follow ?
where was benjamin franklin educated ?
what countries included in the united kingdom ?
what countries in the world speak chinese ?
where barack obama went to school ?
who was the soviet union leader during world war ii ?
which of the following does australia export the most ?
what is cindy sherman known for ?
what tv shows did shawnee smith play in ?
what is there to do for fun in kansas city ?
what year was lebron james rookie season ?
where does delaware river start ?
what kind of monarchy does japan have ?
when did michael jordan return to the nba ?
where was mission san rafael arcángel located ?
who 's dating claire danes ?
what type of sports do japanese play ?
where did the latin language originate from ?
what school did karl benz go to ?
where did morgan freeman graduate ?
who was carl linnaeus ?
what type of government does germany have now ?
what kind of government does libya have today ?
what year did the orioles go to the world series ?
who is sir francis bacon ?
what were amelia earhart 's achievements ?
what are the official colors of the dallas cowboys ?
what is jamie oliver children names ?
where does bradley walsh live ?
who is the head coach '' -g of inter milan ?
who did reese witherspoon get marriage to ?
where is the ultimate fighting championship headquarters ?
who plays james t. kirk in star trek ?
who does albert pujols play for 2012 ?
what kind of government is sweden ?
what did william shakespeare become famous for ?
where does russia import from ?
what do people in australia speak ?
what has ian somerhalder acted in ?
what movies did ron howard director ?
what type of government was formed when italy unified ?
where was the temple of karnak built ?
who did john f. kennedy have affairs with ?
what type of money to take to cuba ?
what nationality is mother teresa ?
who is richard pryor son ?
what international organizations is china part of ?
who does donnie wahlberg play in the sixth sense ?
what did baron de montesquie influence ?
who did carlos boozer play for ?
what did albert speer design ?
who does jordan palmer play for ?
what team does emile heskey play for ?
what to do and see in vienna austria ?
what is there to do in peoria illinois ?
what language do british speak ?
what makes elvis presley famous ?
what language do people speak in the netherlands ?
what type of artist is henri matisse ?
what school did michael jordan attend ?
where is mount st. helens volcano ?
what shows are shot in new york ?
what book did tupac write ?
what language do chinese people write in ?
what was robert burns famous for ?
what are the important holidays of islam ?
what type of music did claude debussy play ?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs were in the stanley cup finals ?
what team is hank baskett on 2010 ?
what are the two official languages of paraguay ?
where is the university of the rockies located ?
what disease does robin roberts have ?
who plays edward scissorhands ?
what does joey jordison play in slipknot ?
what kind of language does turkey speak ?
what was lebron james first team ?
who fought the battle of gettysburg ?
who is the coach of the san francisco giants ?
who was the first president of the afl ?
who does brian dawkins play for 2011 ?
what movies did tupac star in ?
who plays kenneth ?
what league are the indianapolis colts in ?
what country did magellan represent ?
where is perpignan located ?
who did kim richards none2 ?
what happened in bosnia and herzegovina in the 90s ?
where english is spoken ?
what is the zip code for midland tx ?
what states make up midwestern united states us ?
what language does australians speak ?
who did annie oakley marriage ?
who has played alexander luthor ?
what is the nigeria time ?
what university did romney graduated from ?
where is the time zone line in south dakota ?
where is jason mraz from ?
what industry does walmart operate in ?
what music period did ludwig van beethoven live in ?
what type of government system does italy have ?
what did john irving wrote ?
what is the national flower of hawaii ?
when did chipper jones get drafted ?
what part did winona ryder play in star trek ?
where did clay matthews go to school ?
who is leia organaa in star wars ?
what is the political structure of china ?
what is new york city airport ?
what language brazil speak ?
who played obi-wan kenobi in episode 2 ?
what currency is used in panama ?
what team did ronaldo play for in 2003 ?
where does robin williams live 2011 ?
who played jacob black in twilight ?
when was president john adams elected ?
which airport to fly into in buenos aires ?
what team did adrian peterson play for in college ?
what language does australia use ?
who did veronica lake mary ?
who did sir francis drake marriage ?
who plays stephanie plum in one for the money ?
what type of government does australia have ?
who was the father of king george vi ?
what is the zip code for trenton ?
what has ashley greene been in ?
where did al-qaeda attack ?
what language is spoken in switzerland ?
what the time zone in england ?
what system of government is practiced in nigeria ?
who were mary shelley ?
what language do most australians speak ?
where was theodore roosevelt 's house ?
what is the government system of malaysia ?
what do people speak in canada ?
where was the first gulf war fought ?
who are the senators of virginia 2013 ?
what band was george clinton in ?
where did paula deen go to school ?
what style of music does michael jackson perform ?
what does david beckham play ?
what does julian lennon do ?
what is the milwaukee brewers mascot ?
what has charlie hunnam been in ?
what are all the movies taylor swift has been in ?
what kind of cancer did farrah fawcett die of ?
who is michael j. fox 's wife ?
what is ryan seacrest radio show ?
what did drew barrymore go to rehab for ?
what government did the roman empire have ?
what instrument did robin gibb play ?
who voiced darth vader ?
when was abraham lincoln president ?
what is arkansas state capitol ?
what is the zip code for nogales az ?
when did michael vick start playing for the eagles ?
what is william howard taft famous for ?
where did melba pattillo beals live ?
who is louisiana state senator ?
who was kobe bryant drafted by ?
what language does algerian people speak ?
what did galileo galilei do to become famous ?
what school did martin luther king , jr. jr received his doctorate degree from ?
what type of cancer did larry hagman have ?
what wars did robert e. lee served in ?
who is in charge of libya now ?
when is the last time the baltimore ravens won a super bowl ?
what style of music does john mayer play ?
what inventions did thomas edison invent list ?
where did djokovic come from ?
what kind of music did jimi hendrix play ?
what degrees did barack obama get in college ?
who were alexander graham bell 's siblings ?
who played jeannie ?
who does jeremy shockey play for in 2012 ?
what were the names of henry viii of england 's three children ?
what was queen elizabeth ii childhood nickname ?
where is chesapeake bay bridge ?
who played victoria barkley ?
where did kennedy 's inaugural address take place ?
what countries have german as the official language ?
who plays elena gilbert on the vampire diaries ?
what animal represents california ?
what language do colombian people speak ?
what is claire danes famous for ?
what characters does matt stone do ?
what timezone is the state of michigan and ?
what type of government did soviet union have ?
what languages are there in japan ?
who was saint paul the apostle ?
what famous people are from el salvador ?
what type of art did leonardo da vinci make ?
who did kimberly williams marriage ?
what other movies has ryan gosling been in ?
what political party does julia gillard belong to ?
what kind of hispanic is selena gomez ?
who did denise van outen marriage ?
what is the zip code for wyoming michigan ?
who is the president of costa rica in 2012 ?
what form of government is the united kingdom ?
who did nasri play for before arsenal ?
what was firefox programmed in ?
what government does new zealand have ?
what has kristen stewart acted in ?
who are the senators of hawaii 2012 ?
what form of government does north korea have ?
what system of government does guyana have ?
what team did aguero play for ?
what year was kenya moore crowned miss usa ?
what sort of government does nigeria have ?
where does chef ina garten live ?
what kind of language do they speak in iran ?
what did scott joplin play ?
what school did miley cyrus ?
what language do most people speak in afghanistan ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of jamaica west indies ?
what role did paul mccartney play in paul mccartney0 ?
who is robin roberts father ?
where is french spoken most ?
what team is reggie bush on 2011 ?
what highschool did emily osment go to ?
who is thor heyerdahl ?
where did troy aikman play football ?
who played cletus hogg ?
who won fa cup 1976 ?
what style of art did henri matisse do ?
what is the political system of south africa ?
what language group does germany belong to ?
which political party does barack obama represent ?
what kind of leukemia did jill clayburgh have ?
what is there to see in sydney australia ?
what states does the sierra nevada run through ?
what language is spoken in greek ?
what is the name of the speaker of the house of representatives now 2011 ?
who plays stanley hudson ?
what record label is kelly clarkson signed with ?
who did roger federer marriage ?
what kind of government does japan have now ?
who was selena gomez in barney and friends ?
who plays caesar flickerman in the hunger games ?
what was the name of john f. kennedy 's brothers ?
who was tupac signed to ?
what was augustus caesar famous for ?
what language does colombia ?
what is the zip code for schenectady new york ?
who was president in 1988 in the united states ?
who owns google 2012 ?
what position did sir stanley matthews play ?
who makes the voice of stewie griffin ?
who is angelina jolie mom and dad ?
who is the governor of indiana 2009 ?
who brad pitt has dated ?
what party does barack obama belong to ?
what is san francisco zip code ?
who has stephen ireland played for ?
what celebrities has brody jenner dated ?
who owns volkswagen passenger cars car company ?
which is the main train station in rome ?
who is the newly elected governor of california ?
who plays roxanne in ghost rider ?
where is the sony mobile communications company ?
what to do this weekend in manchester with kids ?
what sport is popular in italy ?
where is the main headquarters of google ?
what was jesse owens education ?
where does carlos santana live ?
what is the new movie john carter about ?
who does michael keaton play in cars ?
what is the holy book of the buddhism religion ?
who does the voice for darth vader ?
what did thomas robert malthus do ?
what states share a border with none1 ?
what war did united states of america lose the most soldiers ?
what musical instruments does justin bieber play ?
what is the current time in bangalore india ?
what language do people from greece speak ?
what movies does matt dallas play in ?
who was john f kennedy 's family ?
where is harley-davidson motor company corporate headquarters ?
what are the names of harry potter movies in order ?
what did pamela courson die from ?
what did dr jack kevorkian do ?
what does bolivia border ?
who does nolan ryan play for ?
what type of religion does argentina have ?
when is the last time the giants won the world series ?
who did vladimir lenin marriage ?
what year did the baltimore ravens win super bowl ?
what team does cristiano ronaldo play for 2011 ?
where did theodor schwann study ?
who are the virginia senators 2013 ?
what countries are members of the united nations security council ?
what country sponsored ferdinand magellan ?
what are the predominant religions in russia ?
who plays marshall eriksen ?
what to do for fun in houston ?
what else has jennifer lawrence played in ?
who is the governor of pennsylvania state now ?
where does the celtics practice ?
what language do people from bosnia and herzegovina speak ?
where did hugo chávez go to school ?
who does japan import from ?
what is the name of sonia gandhi daughter ?
who do islamic people pray to ?
what movies does nick cannon play in ?
who was king george vi married to ?
who is sir james dyson ?
who voiced darth vader in the original star wars movies ?
what country did benito mussolini govern ?
who was the leader of the first communist party of china ?
what did miles davis died of ?
what is the zip code for azle texas ?
what date did sally pearson won gold ?
when did the detroit pistons last win the championship ?
when did the philadelphia flyers win the cup ?
who would play luke skywalker ?
where turkish people originate ?
what state is barack obama from ?
what years did joe montana win super bowl ?
what awards gary paulsen won ?
what year did the golden state warriors win their first nba championship ?
what countries are in the united kingdom yahoo ?
what superbowl did the baltimore ravens win ?
what is the language of russia s spoken ?
who is the king of cambodia now ?
who are serena williams parents ?
what schools did sir isaac newton go to ?
what books are written by suzanne collins ?
what countries does england border ?
what team did lionel messi play for in 2010 ?
who plays lord voldemort ?
who founded the ku klux klan ?
what jobs did john adams have before he was president ?
what political party did andrew johnson belong to ?
where are people who speak arabic language from ?
who was queen elizabeth ii mom ?
what type of art did pablo picasso '' -u paint ?
what is ella fitzgerald parents name ?
who is anne hathaway parents ?
who does don draper gets engaged to ?
what was van halen first album ?
what political system did spain have ?
what is pennsylvania state universityate 's main campus ?
what was pink floyd 's first album ?
who did granville woods marriage ?
what language did the sioux indians speak ?
what are some famous people from el salvador ?
who did brett gardner play for in 2008 ?
who plays dwight in the office ?
who is the miami dolphins quarterback ?
where did anne frank go to school ?
what basketball player is marriage to monica ?
what did adolf hitler use to kill himself ?
what do people speak in germany ?
when is the last time the denver broncos won the super bowl ?
what style of music did bessie smith perform ?
what team did jackie robinson ?
what part did jeff conaway play in grease ?
what is the zip code of syracuse ny ?
who was queen victoria 's husband ?
where did benjamin franklin work ?
what does barbara bush do for work ?
who is jacob latimore ?
what happened to dunkirk during world war ii ?
what was scottie pippen good at ?
who played donna on west wing ?
who played meg in season 1 of family guy ?
when was the last time the dallas cowboys won the super bowl ?
when was the last time new york knicks won the championship ?
when did celtics win the championship ?
what countries included in oceania ?
what country is nicki minaj from ?
who played harry potter professor albus dumbledore actor ?
who was the prime minister of pakistan in 1999 ?
what movies is omar epps in ?
what district does nancy pelosi represent ?
where is walton indiana ?
what did caitlyn jenner win gold medal for ?
where do they speak tibetan ?
what to do in hollywood ca this weekend ?
what town did justin bieber grew up in ?
who plays charlie in the santa clause movies ?
what high school did r. kelly attend ?
what happened at benghazi ?
what country is nike , inc. based in ?
where do the chicago blackhawks play ?
who plays john connor ?
what is the main language spoken in mexico ?
what are italian people classified as ?
what has angelina jolie accomplished ?
who played james t. kirk in star trek movie ?
who played dana scully in x files ?
what was f. scott fitzgerald ?
who was wesley snipes ?
where does sherrod brown live ?
what kind of language does colombia speak ?
who was the original voice of meg griffin on family guy ?
what kind of government is mali ?
who did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 ?
what is the zip code for morgantown wv ?
who does amy stiller play in dodgeball ?
who were henry vii of england children ?
who does mila kunis play on family guy ?
who played damien in the omen 2006 ?
what to do with kids in essex ?
who did the cleveland cavaliers draft ?
what language does timor-leste speak ?
who does darth vaders voice ?
what school did douglas macarthur go to ?
what are the names of michael jackson 's 3 children ?
who is the current governor of arizona 2010 ?
who is lamar odom playing for this year ?
what language do the russian speak ?
what language do australia people speak ?
where did abraham and his descendants live ?
what are the sports in spain ?
what sports do people play in poland ?
who was demi lovato dating ?
what films has scarlett johansson been in ?
who originally voiced meg on family guy ?
who played amy squirrel in bad teacher ?
where are boeing headquarters ?
what type of religions are in the united states of america ?
who did viggo mortensen play in lord of the rings ?
who was isaac newton and what did he do ?
who did william shakespeare marriage ?
where did michelle obama graduated from ?
what kind of music did life of franz liszt compose ?
who is martin luther king , jr. jr facts ?
where is victoria british columbia ?
how many mary mary sisters ?
what do we call the currency of france ?
what team does david beckham play for in 2012 ?
what movies did nick cannon star in ?
what radio station is npr on in new york city ?
who did tom landry play for ?
where is mount fuji located ?
what countries makes up the united kingdom ?
what is lawton ok zip code ?
where do they speak german ?
when did mark mcgwire retired ?
what was the currency used in france before the euro ?
what is kentucky state slogan ?
who played samantha stephens in bewitched ?
what area of science did sir isaac newton study ?
when did kelly slater go pro ?
who was vp for richard nixon ?
what religion did adolf hitler follow ?
where honduras in the world ?
who does ronaldinho play for now 2011 ?
what galileo galilei was famous for ?
what are the major trading partners of germany ?
where did romney graduated college ?
who did johnny depp play in corpse bride ?
what is the zip code for jonesboro ar ?
where did charles darwin and his wife live ?
who is the voice of kitt ?
who is amy grant 's first husband ?
who is the mother of prince michael jackson ?
what is the clemson university mascot name ?
who did jennifer lawrence play in x men ?
who is the governor of virginia 2011 ?
who did darth vaders voice ?
where is walton county ga ?
what cancer did jacqueline kennedy onassis die of ?
what does lauren conrad major in ?
what time zone is pennsylvania in right now ?
where did mario lopez go to school ?
what role did george lucas play in star wars ?
what is the current time in kauai hawaii ?
what inspired john steinbeck ?
what kind of government does cuba have today ?
where are english speakers distributed ?
what language do people speak in the bahamas ?
where did george michael go to school ?
what club does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 ?
what time zone is in the bahamas ?
what language do people speak in brazil ?
who influenced samuel taylor coleridge ?
what does kim kardashian work as ?
who played carlton lassiter on psych ?
who is president of israel ?
who plays harley quinn ?
what was francis bacon contributions ?
when does ziva start on ncis ?
what is the name of the o canada ( 2 words ) ?
who was stephen r covey ?
what country was joseph stalin in charge of ?
what is monta ellis career high points ?
what has shannen doherty played in ?
who plays billy elliot ?
what kourtney kardashian boyfriends name ?
what form of government does australia use ?
what team did howie long ?
what to see in christchurch new zealand ?
what year was albert pujols rookie year ?
what are the colors of the new york giants ?
what business did andrew carnegie dominate ?
what was sir isaac newton 's inventions ?
who did shaquille o'neal first play for ?
who was the artist of mickey mouse ?
what is the zip code for concord ?
what football team is michael vick on ?
what are all the names of the harry potter books ?
who was sir walter raleigh and what did he do ?
what countries are in the euro dollar ?
who is angelina jolie ?
where is nineveh city ?
what is the state flower of new mexico ?
where is the national ffa foundation located today ?
which countries speak germanic languages ?
who plays éowyn in lord of the rings ?
what type of cancer did eva perón die from ?
who did terrell owens play for in 2010 ?
where did the battle of passchendaele happen ?
what team is cristiano ronaldo play for ?
what standard time is michigan ?
what drugs lindsay lohan abuse ?
when did carolina panthers go to superbowl ?
what are some major evenezuelats in venezuela ?
what guitar does corey taylor play ?
who was president after franklin d. roosevelt ?
under what political system does the united states of america government operate ?
what to do in paris in 1 day ?
what city is lassen peak in ?
what is the state motto of ohio ?
what type of music did wolfgang amadeus mozart composed ?
how many kids were there in the kennedy family ?
where has the english language evolved from ?
what country did hitler invade that started world war ii ?
what was scottie pippen known for ?
what are fun things to do in sacramento ca ?
what other movies is josh hutchersonm in ?
what was adolf hitler the leader of ?
what awards did marilyn monroe won ?
what kind of government does iran have after 1979 ?
who won the league cup in 2002 ?
what was antoni antoni gaudí inspired by ?
who were demeter 's siblings ?
where should a family stay in paris ?
what was the name of benjamin franklin wife ?
what other movies has tom hardy played in ?
what to visit in atlanta ?
what did thomas edison do for the world ?
who played bilbo in the the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring ?
who is my state senator arizona ?
who did tom hanks play in apollo 13 ?
what language do they in ghana ?
what is utah 's state capitol ?
what all did benjamin franklin invent ?
what team does jeremy lin play for 2013 ?
what is steve nash nationality ?
what degree did martin luther king , jr. earn ?
what two states is st. louis in ?
what team did peyton manning 's dad play for ?
what did jesse owens won ?
what are the four nations of the united kingdom ?
who is judy garland father ?
what school did robert f. kennedy go to ?
what drug killed marilyn monroe ?
where is the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant nuclear power station ?
what did nicolas cage name his son ?
who is the state governor of florida ?
who was jessica simpson marriage too ?
what did john dalton study ?
where is glastonbury england ?
what to visit in denver ?
where did thomas hobbes live ?
what type of government does italy have 2011 ?
who does kellan lutz play in prom night ?
what did life of franz liszt do to earn a living ?
what was nikola tesla known for ?
what is the zip code for princeton nj ?
what is the predominant religion in israel ?
who has coached the carolina panthers ?
what country did toussaint louverture help free ?
what jobs did robert burns have ?
who won utah attorney general ?
what the language spoken in indonesia ?
what other countries does south africa share borders with ?
who played darth vader at the end of none2 ?
what products does the united states of america export ?
what is the kentucky state bird ?
who was prime minister of canada in 1993 ?
what there to do in salt lake city utah ?
who is the current ohio state senator ?
what happened to pope john paul ii ?
who is none1 marriage to in real life ?
what inspired michelangelo buonarroti ?
what does monsanto own ?
who did woody harrelson play on cheers ?
what language do they speak in sweden yahoo ?
what language did they speak in ghana ?
what form of government do we have in the philippines ?
who was the secretary of state when andrew jackson was president ?
who does ron stoppable 's voice ?
what places are in the west midlands ?
what to do with kids in asheville nc ?
who is in the american league in baseball ?
who did kurt warner play 4 ?
who is dirk nowitzki wife ?
where all did pablo picasso '' -u live ?
what team is raúl ibañez on ?
what tv series did mark harmon star in ?
who plays darth vader in star wars episode i : the phantom menace ?
where does michelle pfeiffer live now ?
what was laura ingalls wilder famous for ?
where is dwight howard now ?
who is nick lachey marriage to ?
who owns chrysler group llc corporation 2011 ?
what was gregor mendel contribution ?
who has ray allen dated ?
what to do with my kids in toronto ?
what kind of government is south korea ?
who did benjamin franklin marry ?
what kind of government does poland have ?
what famous people came from delaware ?
when did romney become governor ?
what type of guitar does johnny depp play ?
what episode of how i met your mother is carrie underwood on ?
who are the 9 justices of the supreme court 2011 ?
what city is the university of oregon state in ?
who played baby carmen in spy kids ?
what is the political system in germany ?
what prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what school did mark zuckerberg '' -u attend ?
where does catherine , duchess of cambridge live 2012 ?
what type of art does marc chagall do ?
what character did billy dee williams play in star wars ?
what language is spoken in argentina ?
what school did wilfred owen go to ?
who is kevin jonas marriage to ?
where does airtran airways fly ?
who did sandra bullock marriage ?
where is the united nations based ?
what city and state is university yale located in ?
who was kate chopin ?
what to do downtown sacramento ?
who is michael j. fox parents ?
where did sanjay gupta go to school ?
what language speak in brazil ?
who does kroy biermann play football for ?
when is the last time the pittsburgh steelers won a super bowl ?
who were we fighting in the none1 ?
how many languages do they speak in switzerland ?
what political party does barack obama represent ?
what movies does logan lerman play in ?
where was the first microsoft corporation headquarters located ?
what did niels henrik david bohr discover about the atomic structure ?
who is ryan reynolds marriage to 2012 ?
what is newt gingrich 's wife 's name ?
what type of music did antonio vivaldi play ?
what school does james franco go to ?
what is mark twain well known for ?
who was president after william henry harrison ?
what is the name of king george vi wife ?
where does sami yusuf live ?
when 's the last time the new york mets won the world series ?
where do florida panthers play ?
who is john cena marriage to ?
what to do san jose ca ?
who founded new york university ?
who created arthur ?
what cancer did patrick swayze ?
what university did barack obama graduated from ?
what should i do today in san francisco ?
who influenced pablo picasso '' -u art ?
what is my timezone in pennsylvania ?
what products and\/or services does google offer customers ?
who did cliff lee play for last year ?
what type of democracy is the united states of america ?
what time in china hong kong ?
what all movies has taylor lautner been in ?
who plays spike spiegel ?
who was queen isabella 's mother ?
who does chris hemsworth have a baby with ?
where is the mts iceplex in winnipeg ?
what are the most popular religions in israel ?
what was barack obama 's former occupation ?
what are all the songs justin bieber wrote ?
what new movies is robert pattinson in ?
what language do they use in pakistan ?
what kind of products does nike , inc. sell ?
who did lyndon b. johnson marriage ?
what is the sacred text of taoism ?
what countries speak english natively ?
who won fedex cup 2012 ?
what language is mainly spoken in egypt ?
who played alf on tv show ?
what type of art did raphael raphael create ?
what football team does mike wright play for ?
what did nicolaus copernicus discover ?
what teams has manny ramirez played for ?
when was woodrow wilson in office ?
what political party is jerry brown ?
what language tunisia ?
what are some inventions that leonardo da vinci invented ?
what type government does mexico have ?
what inspired michael jackson to become a singer ?
what to visit in london city ?
who does peter griffin voice ?
what are the catholic holy days ?
what language is most commonly spoken in belgium ?
who is nicolas cage marriage too ?
who does the voice for chucky in child 's play ?
what did gloria steinem founded ?
what boarding school did mark zuckerberg '' -u go to ?
where are ike and tina turner 's children ?
what are some of leonardo da vinci most famous inventions ?
when did shaquille o'neal come into the nba ?
where do they speak turkish language0kish ?
what is the zip code for walnut creek ?
who was the voice of darth vader in the original star wars movie ?
where is english spoken around the world ?
what music did louis armstrong play ?
where is the latin language from ?
what are the top tourist attractions in rome ?
who were the children of king solomon ?
where is auburn university located ?
who is tatyana ali parents ?
what political party was adolf hitler in ?
who is the leader of north korea today ?
where do the appalachian mountains run through ?
what kind of government does the united states of america have currently ?
when was the last time the orioles won the world series ?
who did ben stiller date ?
what is the most common language in norway ?
what influenced william shakespeare to start writing ?
where did benjamin franklin went to school ?
who is the governor of arizona 2009 ?
what movies has spike lee made ?
where is electrolux based ?
what was william shakespeare wife called ?
when did truman become president ?
what did ferdinand magellan do ?
where do burmese cats originate from ?
who played kirk ?
where is mount st. helens located ?
who was king henry viii of england son ?
who plays alexander luthor on smallville ?
what are dallas cowboys colors ?
when was the last time the los angeles kings won a playoff series ?
where did spencer pratt go to school ?
what disease did abraham lincoln had ?
who is vancouver canucks coach ?
where did c. s. lewis wrote ?
who was marriage to jane wyman ?
what language does peru speak ?
where is english spoken in the world map ?
when did arsenal won the league ?
what countries speak french as a first language ?
who was ptolemy and what did he do ?
what was the name of henry viii of england first wife ?
where does the paraná river flow ?
where did theodor schwann get his education ?
who or what influenced frank lloyd wright ?
what year did houston rockets win their first championship ?
what movies has liam hemsworth played in ?
who plays nicholas newman on the young and the restless ?
who is the voice of eric cartman on south park ?
who is angelina jolies brother ?
where is the headquarters of bank of america corporation ?
what type of government japan have ?
what team does josh hamilton play for ?
what city does paul ryan live in ?
what city is acadia university in ?
what did f. scott fitzgerald do ?
where do they speak afrikaans language ?
who plays mossad agent ziva david on ncis ?
who ruled after king henry viii of england died ?
who are the st. louis cardinals coaches ?
where is daud ibrahim ?
what language do russians speak ?
what is the islamic belief ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of spain 2011 ?
who was the son of king leonidas i ?
who was judi dench marriage to ?
how many languages do they speak in spain ?
what is rihanna mum called ?
when did president theodore roosevelt take office ?
who does michael oher play for in 2010 ?
who or what influenced albert einstein ?
where does egypt export to ?
where is the seat of the african union ?
what was kim richards in ?
what artistic style did henri rousseau work in ?
what is john edwards indicted for ?
where is midlothian scotland ?
where does marta play soccer ?
what are john terry 's children called ?
who fought in the siege of vicksburg ?
what kind of writing is nikolai gogol famous for ?
what year was first world series ?
who plays simon birch ?
where are the timezones in united states of americaa ?
what does gm make ?
what do people speak in united kingdom ?
what do people in jamaica speak ?
what position did lebron james play ?
what was wayne gretzky 's first team ?
who is the president of peru now ?
what kind of guitar did jerry garcia play ?
what type of art leonardo da vinci do ?
who are the senators of new jersey now ?
what team does lionel messi play for 2011 ?
where does lil wayne go to school ?
where did jrr j. r. r. tolkien go to school ?
what religion does canada follow ?
which countries have spanish as their main language ?
who is in paul ryan 's family ?
what government does iraq use ?
what did lincoln steffens wrote ?
what schools did anders celsius attend ?
what can do in new york ?
what currency does france accept ?
what type of religion did massachusetts have ?
what language do they speak in colombia south america ?
what kind of government does brazil has ?
what country did gregor mendel live in ?
where laura ingalls wilder lived ?
what sports are popular in germany ?
what 's my timezone in oklahoma ?
what do they speak in norway ?
what did the blackfoot confederacy indians speak ?
who plays robin hood in robin hood : prince of thieves ?
what standard time is texas ?
what instrument does louis armstrong ?
who does alyson stoner play in camp rock ?
what religion does madonna practice ?
what made richard hammond famous ?
who originally voiced lois griffin ?
what rihanna new album called 2012 ?
where does dave ramsey live ?
what discovery did galileo galilei make ?
what is the government system of saudi arabia ?
who plays the role of tony special agent anthony dinozzo on ncis ?
what did jesus christ do for living ?
who plays knox overstreet ?
what type of political system is brazil ?
what kind of painter was wassily kandinsky ?
what form of government does the united states of america united states of americae ?
what money does cuba use ?
who is my representative in illinois house ?
what timezone is sweden gmt ?
what was franklin d roosevelt 's job before president ?
where did robert downey jr. go to jail ?
what degrees did barack obama get ?
what inventions were made by benjamin franklin ?
where did the russian japanese war happen ?
what baseball team was jackie robinson on ?
what form of government does the united states of america have ?
what are the names of ariel 's six sisters ?
what voices does none0 play on family guy ?
who was william mckinley marriage to ?
who played darth vader in the first movie ?
what 's there to see in atlanta ?
where was auschwitz concentration camp located ?
what is spoken in czech republic ?
what did joan crawford died of ?
where did rob kardashian go to school ?
what year was allen iverson mvp ?
where did harry s. truman go to school ?
what did charles babbage discover ?
who plays king julian madagascar ?
who is rick scott ?
where did the crimean war take place ?
what offices did theodore roosevelt hold ?
what movies has miley cyrus been in ?
who did james franco play in milk ?
what wnba team is diana taurasi on ?
what do see in paris ?
who made the laws in canada ?
what year did adam morrison get drafted ?
when was the last time the los angeles dodgers won a championship ?
who is captain james cook facts ?
where did robin williams get married ?
what form of government does canada ?
who do islamic people follow ?
what kind of government does peru ?
who was in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ?
who founded the afl ?
what language do ukraineian people speak ?
who are the judges appointed in the supreme court ?
which country in europe has the largest land area ?
when was the last time the toronto maple leafs win the stanley cup ?
what language do brazilians use ?
who played stanley kowalski in a streetcar named desire movie ?
who did the voice for lola bunny ?
what team is kris humphries play for ?
what movies gerard butler has been in ?
where did john franklin live ?
what was the last movie sean connery was in ?
what team did didier drogba play for ?
who is number 22 on miami dolphins ?
what type of music did antonio vivaldi compose ?
what team does mike fisher play for ?
what films has daniel craig been in ?
what materials did eduardo paolozzi use in his work ?
what did joe biden study in college ?
who plays timon 's voice in the lion king ?
which island is kailua on ?
what language do speak in argentina ?
what did whoopi goldberg won a grammy for ?
who played maggie in himym ?
who does owen schmitt play for ?
what party was thomas jefferson affiliated with ?
what religions are popular in france ?
who played berger in sex and the city ?
who won the 2000 fa cup final ?
what are the names of michael jackson 's kids ?
what movies have robert pattinson in them ?
what the time zone in japan ?
who plays bob kelso in scrubs ?
what race is vanessa carlton ?
what do people in czech republic speak ?
which countries speak arabic language ?
where does tim cook work ?
what degrees does romney have ?
what type of breast cancer did sheryl crow have ?
what type of government does argentina have today ?
what party was abraham lincoln part of ?
what did jack london do for a living ?
who did morgan freeman marriage ?
what influenced john steinbeck to start writing ?
where is dwayne johnson ethnicity ?
where are the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) headquarters located ?
what team did david beckham play for before la galaxy ?
who is the current leader of france 2010 ?
where was the palace of knossos located ?
where is roswell area 51 ?
what state is home to the university that is represented in sports by george washington colonials men 's basketball ?
what year did the team with baltimore fight song win the super bowl ?
which school with the fight song `` the orange and blue '' did emmitt smith play for ?
what movie with film character named mr. woodson did tupac star in ?
who was the 1996 coach of the team owned by jerry jones ?
which team owned by malcolm glazer has tim howard playing for it ?
what business titles was the most famous alumni of detroit business institute best known for ?
the artist from the history world tour concert tour played what character on the wiz ?
what team with mascot named champ did tyson chandler play for ?
who was the creator of the communist party that had parkinson 's disease ?
what country speaks arabic language in the central time zone ?
what language is spoken in the country that has southern peninsular ?
what sport was played by the winners of the 1948 stanley cup ?
which city is home to the university that is known for purdue university boilermakers men 's basketball ?
what zoo that opened earliest is there to see in dallas , tx ?
a person attending education institution assuptuion saint bridget is from where ?
what sports team has a mascot with the name of homer ?
what is the name of the president of the geographic location where nicolas sarkozy was appointed to a governmental position ?
what country in the united kingdom contains the down district council ?
who is the brother of the actor who played the character justin bieber0 ?
what form of currency is used in the nation where you 'd find rio de janeiro ?
where did the illustrator of `` de divina proportione '' die ?
who trades with china and has a capital city called khartoum ?
the university yale herald is the newspaper of the educational institution located where ?
which state senator from georgia took this position at the earliest date ?
what religion was followed by the person who once lived in fotheringhay castle ?
what college football team has the mascot of a duck and included john madden as a former player ?
what type of money does the country where el seibo province is use ?
people from the country that uses the costa rican colon speak what languages ?
in what year did the basketball team whose head coach is kevin mchale win their first championship game ?
a person from rathfarnham is of what nationality ?
what educational institution that has a mascot named mustang did jackie robinson go to ?
the nation with national anthem of colombia as its national anthem is located in which geographic regions ?
what language is spoken in the location that appointed margrethe ii of denmark to a governmental position ?
what sports team owned by george steinbrenner did deion sanders play baseball for ?
what is the home town of the nfl team owned by daniel snyder ?
in the film with the character named tyler crowley , who played jacob black ?
what country did osama bin laden live in that uses afghan afghani ?
what organization is owned by nestlé belarusia ?
what country has yardymli district in it ?
where is the oral fixation tour artist from ?
which nation that has azua province within its borders is a place where hurricane irene landed ?
what type of currency is used where the el seibo province is located ?
what are the official bird and flower of the state whose capital is michigan0 ?
the country that has the national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraina uses what kind of money ?
the nation where michoacán is located uses which form of currency ?
what type of government is run in the country with the anthem titled `` god defend new zealand '' ?
what is the type of government where the national anthem is `` tiến quân ca '' ?
what is the official language of the country that uses renminbi as its currency ?
what north american country located within eastern time zone includes the city of victoria , british columbia ?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named kishinagar ?
which prominent russia religion has mecca as a sacred location ?
in which location , does bradley walsh live , where the location time zone , is in the pacific time zone ?
where did barack obama supposedly go to school that has the newspaper the columbia daily spectator ?
the country that contains lopburi province would require me to take what type of currency ?
what state is the school where stephen g. haines is a grad student in ?
what central european time zone countries are member of the united nations security council ?
what country that queen victoria ruled that appointed george iv of the united kingdom to a government position ?
what is the religion belief of the person who once lived in qunu , eastern cape ?
what is the name of the language where the national anthem of russia is used ?
who is serena williams sports team quarterback ?
the country that includes ulsan uses what system of government ?
the nassau weekly is the newspaper of which educational institution f f. scott fitzgerald attended ?
who is the current coach of the sports team owned by james d. stern ?
which states does the missouri river touch , where the location is in the mountain time zone '' -u ?
sony corporation overseas s.a. headquarters is a child organization located where ?
when was the last time the team that won the 1970 nba finals win a championship ?
what team did matt barnes play on that won the 2009 nba finals ?
which languages are spoken in the country whose national anthem is swiss psalm ?
what educational institution with mascot named bald eagle did briston palin go to ?
what is the meaning of the name of the city that hosted the 1960 summer olympics ?
what team owned by micky arison did shaquille o'neal play for ?
who inspired the architect who designed michelangelo0 ?
what did the famous person who went to calvinist college of sarospatak do ?
which years was the superbowl won by the team whose mascot is pittsburgh steelers ?
what is the burial place of the famous person who went to edward devotion school ?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named bana breemu ?
it what city and state is the university that publishes the newspaper titled santa clara ?
what basketball team owned by micky arison did shaquille o'neal play on ?
team mascot named sir purr is part of the team coached by whom ?
what winner of the puerto rico rican governor election held position from after january 2 , 2009 ?
which political system does the country utilize , that has the national anthem of south africa ?
what team did albert pujols play for that won the 1964 world series championship ?
what was the first president of the country that has karanodar krai ?
what year did the nba player that went to emsley a laney high school got drafted ?
what are the languages used for communication in the region where nicolas sarkozy was placed in a government post ?
what currency is used where thai national anthem is the national anthem ?
what time zone is the country with rick scott in a government position in ?
what disease does the artist who went on the history world tour suffer from ?
the country that contains none4 has what none0 now ?
the country that contains tabasco is located in what continent ?
people from the country that contains canton of jura speak what languages ?
what language is used in the country that uses icelandic krã³na ?
who was the 2011 coach of the team owned by jim irsay ?
which country uses the mexican peso and italian is spoken there ?
where does the famous person who attended colegio alemã¡n alexander von humboldt live now ?
what south american country speaking italian is home to the capital city of buenos aires ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the national anthem `` sweden0 '' ?
the super bowl i championship team was owned by whom ?
verizon communications network is the child organization with headquarters where ?
who trades with portugal that contains the emirate of ajman ?
which nation has kevin rudd as a member of their government and was a participant in the vietnam war ?
who held his governmental position from 1934 and was john f. kennedy 's family ?
when did the sports team that won the 1974 nba finals championship win their first championship ?
what country using the malagasy ariary currency is china 's trading partner ?
what role in the declaration of independence did the thomas jefferson0 that designed charlotte country courthouse play ?
what language is spoken where the capital city is brussels ?
what country is home to both baguio and puerto galera , oriental mindoro ?
what currency is used in the country with san pedo de marocris province ?
what religions does the artist who went on the girlie show world tour follow ?
which sights are their to see in madrid , where the structure was construction started the latest ?
in what year did team owner ken kendrick 's sports team with the world series ?
which country that uses the hungarian forint did maria theresa rule ?
what continent does panama city located in ?
who was the soviet union leader during nikita khrushchev2 that held his governmental position after september 14 , 1953 ?
where was the tv program porque el amor manda recorded and is now the place of residence of frida kahlo ?
what has a location time zone of utc +-00:00 an dis part of liverpool england ?
which type of currency would one be advised to bring if visiting that has mae hong son province within its borders ?
which sports are played in the nation where agusan del sur can be found ?
what is the currency in the nation where thai national anthem is used as the national anthem ?
which religion has a large practicing population in united states of america and has sulchan aruch as a part of their text ?
which types of art were made by the person who illustrated the book de divina proportione ?
what school did douglas macarthur go to where the sports team was called the army black knights ?
what other world series won by the team that won the boston red sox0 ?
what state does the navajo tribe live and was where the tv show dr. fubalous was filmed ?
where are some places to stay at in the city where gavin newson is a government officer ?
what region in argentina that has the sacred site safed ?
what school did the famous person who went to emsle a. laney high school attend ?
what italian speaking country has ajdovå¡äina ?
what currency does the country with trelawny parish use ?
where in the world is the country with the capital of tegucigalpa ?
what is the country that uses the burmese kyat as its currency and is also the place of origin of burmese cats ?
which basketball team has head coach rick carlisle and tyson chandler played for ?
in the constitutional convention , what role did the architect who designed mount vernon serve ?
which language is spoken , where the currency used in the country is the brazilian real , utilize ?
what major religion in canada has the chapel as a place of worship ?
what languages are officially spoken in the organization that includes a leadership role called president of european unionropean parliament ?
what is the mascot of the school that has saint mary 's gaels men 's basketball ?
where did the group who has someone in leadership named ayman al-zawahiri attack ?
in what year did the team that won the 1969 world series championship win their first world series ?
which catholicism0s go according to the religious belief in the virgin birth of jesus ?
what state was the institution that has the air force falcon 's men 's basketball team established ?
what was the first team that the the famous athlete who went to cole junior-senior high school play for ?
what is the sport played by the team with a mascot known as carlton the bear ?
the artist of the concert tour the last girl on earth came from where ?
where is the location that the tv show tendangan si madun was filmed and also where ex-president barack obama lives ?
what religious practiced includes roman catholic archdiocese of san francisco as a place of worship and includes madonna as a follower ?
who owned the team with mascot named philadelphia eagles swoop ?
who is the husband of the person who attended timmins high and vocational school ?
the country with the national anthem argentine national anthem has what type of religions ?
what country bordering south africa uses the pound sterling as its currency ?
as of the year 2010 , who leads the nation which uses the dominican peso as currency ?
the location that appointed dmitry medvedev to govermental position is in which continent ?
what illnesses can person with notable malaria condition suffer from ?
which language is spoken in the country that includes , the ardabil province ?
where does the united kingdom import from that uses the aghan afghani as its currency ?
which city was home to the illustrator known for the book de divina ?
where did hurricane irene hit that uses the dominican peso ?
what is the country where gansu and mount everest are located ?
the person who attended the noelani elementary school education institution was born where ?
which holidays are celebrated by the religion that has ali as a central character ?
what is the spoken language used in the country with argentina0 ?
the team that won the 1957 nba finals championship won their first championship in what year ?
the bible and madonna practice the same religion - name it . ?
what team did jason kidd play for that won the 2011 nba final championship ?
what is the governmental system of the country with the national anthem dear land of guyana , of rivers and plains ?
what language do people speak in the country that is the major exporter of industry food and beverage ?
what country 's main language is spanish and has a religious organization named society of jesus '' -g ?
the republika srpska is part of the country located where ?
what country that was involved in the gulf war and has basra governorate ?
who held his governmental position from june 25 , 1993 and was brian mulroney1 in 1993 ?
what is that national language of the country with national anthem of the islamic republic of iran ?
the 1994 nba finals championship winning team has what as its mascot ?
what continent is in the country that has national anthem of south africa ?
the nation with red sea governorate located in it has which kind of government ?
where was the location of the vietnam war where the currency used is the lao kip ?
who was the first wife of the architect who designed al0al-masjid an-nabawi ?
what is the capital of the country whose national anthem is land der berge , land am strome ?
who plays the character bella in the movie where typr crowley is a character ?
what college did chris cuomo attend that has a sports team named fordham rams men 's basketball ?
what is the government of the country that contains the magallanes y la antã¡rtica chilena region ?
who are the senators in 2012 of united states of america state that has honolulu as its capital ?
who won the noble nobel peace prize in 2007 and held his governmental position from 1-3-1977 ?
what educational institution that has a sports team named university of oxfordniversity ice hockey club did theodore lesieg go to ?
who is the kicker for the team whose mascot is freddie falcon ?
what us state with a capital named santa fe does bill richardson live in ?
the team with the mascot lou seal plays baseball where ?
what australian territory appointed james francis to a governmental position ?
what european community country use to have a currency named cfp franc ?
what country that uses the lao kip currency borders china ?
which university with men 's basketball sports team named university of missouri–kansas city kangaroos did harry s. truman go to ?
what are some attractions to visit in downtown chicago that are situated in the central time zone ?
which academic institution awarded a bachelor 's degree to a person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 ?
which style of art was used by the illustrator of the of the de divina book a part of ?
what country 's national anthem during soviet union0 was the internationale leader ?
what are the languages used for communication in the nation where the national anthem is austria6 ?
what is the primary languages used in the country with national anthem hakvah ?
the antai-ji holy book is used at what religious place ?
where does the team whose fight song is `` seven nation army '' play ?
the location that appointed anwar sadat to govermental position uses what kind of money ?
which university has a sports team called columbia lions softball , and was attended by barack obama ?
what country feature hawke 's bay as a body of water and has the united kingdom importing from it ?
what location with an airport that serves kleve ( district ) do turkish people originate from ?
in what years did the 2004 nba finals winners win the championship ?
when did owner fred wilpon 's sports team win the pennant ?
who played james t. kirk in `` star trek '' and is known for his hyperactivity ?
which language is spoken at the location that appointed anwar sadat to a governmental position utilize ?
where does the country who contains the cook islands import from ?
what are the gods of the religion that worships at shewesandaw pagoda pyay ?
where does the person live who attended the danny jones middle school education institution ?
what is the governmental type in the country where ardabil province is located ?
the country with the capital of brazilia uses what type of money ?
what team with basketball head coach johnny jones did shaquille o'neal play for ?
the country that uses the currency the saudi arabia riyal has what type of government system ?
the country with the national anthem du gamla , du fria is part of what time zone ?
where is the currency used in the country with mozambiquean mozambican metical ?
what languages are used by individuals in the region where a governmental post is occupied by czech republic2 ?
what spoken language is used in the country that has ashanti region ?
where does carlos santana live in the central time zone ?
what languages are spoken in the country with mae hong son province ?
what spoken language is used in the country that has taoyuan , taiwan ?
who founded the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and held his position in the government beginning 1929-01-01 ?
what is the most common religion with athanasiunited states of americalexandria in the untied states ?
what area is the nfl team with the fight song `` hail to the washington redskins '' from ?
what year did the team owned by philip anschutz won the stanley cup ?
what sports team owned by jerry buss that played in the nba finals in 2010 ?
baghdad is the capital of what country we were fighting in the gulf war ?
which team that appeared in the 2010 nba finals has who as its owner ?
the organization with a leadership role of president of technology has main headquarters located where ?
who provides the voice of anakin in the movie that features a character named ahsoka tano ?
what year did the team who won the 1907 world series championship last win the world series ?
the country with al sharqia governorate in it used what currency ?
where is the country based with the capital of bursa ?
when did sports team owner frank mccourt 's team last win the championship ?
what organizational divisions are under the leadership of google2 ?
in the place of worship yavuz sultan selim mosque , who are the deities of their religion ?
in the movie with a character named marty maraschino who played none0 ?
what is the type of money used where sacatepéquez department is ?
what scientific invention did the architect that designed montagu house bloomsbury 's made ?
who were the state senators for the state with none4 as its capital ?
what type of currency do i need in the country whose capital is ankara ?
who were none0 to the famous person that went to none2 ?
what continent contains the location where vladimir putin has been appointed to a governmental position ?
what religion has sefer yetzirah as text and is followed by george soros ?
what type of political system is used in the country with the currency of iranian rial ?
team owner steve bisciotti 's sports team plays where ?
what sports team for which rasheed wallace played is the team owned by the madison square garden company ?
which major iranian trading partner is in the location of time zone time in the united arab emirates ?
in the countries which inclide lara as a city , which major sports are played ?
what is the time zone in the state with the capital of honolulu ?
what state with capital city named jackson did the siege of vicksburg occur ?
concord is the capital of which us state in the north east ?
what is the child organization that branched from the general motors commerical corporation ?
what country that uses the east caribbean dollar is a trading partner of the uk ?
what year was the first championship win of the team who won the 1992 nba finals ?
what country speaks persian language and has baghdad as its capital ?
what country once had co2 emissions per capita of 2009 metric ton and is a trading partner with iran ?
what was the last super bowl won by the team who won the xxxiii super bowl ?
what team that shaquille o'neal play for that own the 2008 nba finals championship ?
who are the gods of the god in islam belief ?
who was the president of these united states during world war ii ?
when was the last time the team with the mascot bailey win a playoff ?
team mascot gumbo is part of the team with which head coach ?
what currency is used in the country that have airport that serves nijmegen ?
who did the cleveland cavaliers draft that started his pro athlete career the earliest ?
what currency is used by the country whose national anthem is `` majulah singapura '' ?
rio de janeiro is part of the country using which type of currency ?
what form of political system is used in the country with iranian rial ?
people from the country that contains pernambuco speak what languages ?
what currency do they use in the country where the capital is santo domingo ?
what work did the architect who designed thomas edison4 do to contribute to the greater good ?
pyongyan is the capital of the country with what political leader ?
what was the new album called in 2012 of the artist who had a concert tour named last girl on earth ?
people from the country that contains central division , fiji speak what language ?
what other government offices did the person who went to neolani elementary school hold ?
who was the 2006-09-260 in japan in 2012 and held the position after 9-2-11 ?
what religion with a sacred site of kushinagar is in thailand ?
gary destefano is a person in the organization operating in what country ?
what is the holy book of the pyay religion practiced at placed worship of shwesandaw pagoda ?
the country that contains pernambuco uses what type of dollar ?
what large city is in the central european time zone and has arabic language as a primary language ?
messenia is a location in what country with the palace of knossos ?
where does the panama canal run through in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
who was the first team that dwight schar owned ?
what discoveries were made by the person who once lived in frombork ?
what is the market the organization starbucks coffee canada inc operates in ?
the nation where the national anthem is jamaica , land we love has what as its official language ?
what is a religion practiced in argentina that has as one of its beliefs the virgin birth of jesus ?
bill neukom is the team owner of which sports team deion sanders played for ?
the country that contains the southern leyte has what different sports ?
in the film with the character isabelle lightwood , who will play clary ?
when did the team with mascot the oriole bird win the world series ?
with a capital named salem , in which state is mount jefferson located ?
in 2013 , who was the coach of the sports team whose owner is jerry richardson ?
what sports team owned by the madison square garden company did tyson chandler play for ?
what countries and bodies of water share a border with the nation that includes the ukrainian greek catholic church ?
which person that held a government position earliest did baron de montesquie influence ?
what country speaks italian and uses the switzerland franc ?
what high school institution did the facebook founder & ceo mark zuckerberg '' -u attend ?
what locations are considered places of worship for the people who practice the sharia belief ?
which system of government did the country that included the mopti region empire , utilize ?
what team with the fight song fly , eagles fly had hank baskett in 2010 ?
what european union country within the greenwich mean time zone is home to the hsbc bank head office ?
what country over which queen elizabeth ii reigns is the location in which kevin rudd was appointed to a governmental position ?
the country with the thai national anthem uses what type of currency ?
what language is most often used the the religious group `` society of jesus '' -g ?
where does the champion of the 1917 world series play their home games ?
the country that contains hama is located in what continent ?
which movie did tupac star in , where the film has a character with the name of dennis ?
what team won super bowl xli and had hank baskett as a team member in 2010 ?
who were quarterback tyrod taylor6 's sports team owners in 2012 ?
what country contains the korã§ã « district and is located in the balkans ?
what men 's basketball sports team named butler bulldogs did kurt vonnegut go to ?
what type of currency is used in the country that has tarapacã¡ region ?
in what eastern time zone state is walton county ?
what years did the champion of the 2009 nba final championship with the championship ?
where did the famous person who went to state elementary school menteng attend college ?
the 1937 nfl championship game was won by what team ?
the location that appointed dianne feinstein to governmental position is from what location where carlos santana lives ?
what are the spoken languages in the country with antonis samaras in the government position ?
who was fighting in the gulf war which is a country that contains the najaf governorate ?
what pro athlete who started his career latest was a falcons 2012 quarterback ?
which country partially containing georgia has the largest area of land ?
who held his governmental position from january 5 , 1983 and was the 2010 senator of connecticut ?
what 2013 none5 senators held their governmental position from after january 14 , 2006 ?
who influenced abraham lincoln to become the president ?
the person who once lived in the white house graduated from what college ?
which coaches headed the team the uses the fight song none2 ?
what sport is played by the individual who attended chase lane primary school ?
what educational institution that has a mascot named mercy mavericks did mark zuckerberg '' -u attend ?
what 's the name of the currency in the country , that includes the location of rio de janeiro ?
what did the lead artist that went on the believe tour do ?
in which city was the greenpeace deutschland an international environmental organization started ?
where is the location of the country whose national anthem is `` burundi bwacu '' ?
what country did james watt come from that appointed george i of great britain to a governmental position ?
which football organization with a mascot called billy buffalo had terrell owens as a player in 2010 ?
the country that claims jamaica , land we love as its national anthem has what form of currency ?
what currency is used in the country with fatick region ?
where is the auburn plainsman educational newspaper published ?
what religion practiced in argentina venerates eve as a notable figure ?
what team did manny ramirez play for that won the 1903 world series championship ?
what years did the team with the mascot named crazy crab win the world series ?
what languages are spoken in the country that austria6 is in ?
cairo is the capital of what country portugal trades with ?
in the nation that spends the bahamian dollar as currency , what time zone is used ?
in the country whose capital is bridgetown , what currency can you use ?
which team did doug williams play for , where the sports team owners name is malcolm glazer ?
in the film with the character named dulcie warren , what tv series did mark harmon star in ?
what american football team starring emmitt smith also won the super bowl vi championship ?
the location that appointed bruce babbitt to a governmental position has which state flower ?
what do the people whose religions figure is muhammad in islam in islam follow ?
what are religious holidays for the religion with ali as its notable figure ?
who was the president in 2010 of the country with santo domingo as its capital ?
who is the coach of vancouver canucks who started his pro athlete career the earliest ?
who did george w. bush run against his second term that held his governmental position the earliest ?
what pro athlete started his career earliest and is on the current boston celtics ' roster ?
the person who once lived in liozna did what type of paintings ?
where does the country that dmity medvedev was a government official import from ?
what country speaks persian language and has a capital called ray ?
who is the head coach of the team with mascot named t-rac ?
what sports team owned by drayton mclane , jr. did nolan ryan play for ?
in what industry does the organization walmart walmart neighborhood market operate ?
where did kurt vonnegut attend university , where the institution has a newspaper called the south side weekly ?
what is there to do in san diego for fun that is a zoo that opened after san diego zoo safari park0 ?
what celestial body was discovered by person who once lived in the galileo galilei2 ?
in the location that appointed dianne feinstein to governmental position , what hotel should i stay in ?
where is the head office of hsbc bank australia ?
in what city was michael c. gould 's organization established ?
which nation that has emirate of ajman has arabic language as its officially recognized language ?
the country that contains bac lieu province has what current government ?
which colors does the team whose fight song is `` seven nation army '' use ?
what is the mascot of the school that has a grad student named ben starret ?
which player on the toronto maple leafs has testicular cancer ?
what are major evenezuelats that happened in the country with national anthem gloria al bravo pueblo ?
the individual who attended state elementary school earned which higher education degrees ?
who did the cleveland cavaliers draft , which is the pro athlete who started his sports career on , or after the year of 2003 ?
people from the country of the national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady speak what language ?
what currency is used in the country with red sea governorate ?
what is there to do and see in miami , florida , where the location time zone is utcâ05:00 ?
what spoken language is used in the country with national anthem lofsã¶ngur ?
what is the language people use for communication in the region where a governmental post was given to anwar sadat ?
the location that appointed dmitry medvedev to governmental position has what religions ?
what languages are used in the country that uses brazilian real as its currency ?
the location of central time zone is in what country ruled by queen elizabeth ii ?
the country that contains the south hwanghae province has what type of government ?
which gods are worshipped in the religious text taoism0 ?
what religion does the country whose national anthem is `` imperial anthems of the ottoman empire turks '' follow ?
what are the official languages in the country that has a president of european unionropean council ?
what language does the religious organization under the leadership of the society of jesus '' -g speak ?
who are the parents of the famous person who went to el rodeo school ?
where is the college has the mascot named auburn university auburn university0 ?
what spoken language is used in the country that has southern region , iceland ?
which languages are recognized as the official ones in the nation where trelawny parish is located ?
what religion with places of worship including churches is recognized in canada ?
what geographic region through which the appalachian mountains extend is the location whose central government is in boston ?
what currency is used in the country where the capital is bridgetown ?
where does team owner alan cohen 's sports team play ?
what did the person who had gloria steinem0 found ?
what currency is used in the location where antonis samaras was appointed to a government position ?
the nation with la guajira department 2011 has who as its president today ?
from what city is the team with a mascot named warpaint ?
the nation whose national anthem is državna himna bosne i hercegovine uses which languages for communication ?
what is a place to travel around sydney and a zoo that opened after 1972 ?
what team owned by new york giants did tom landry play for ?
what region uses the cfp franc as currency and inlcudes tahiti bora bora as a location ?
what continent is the country with colã³n province located ?
what country is the headquarters of the organization led by charles d. denson ?
what type of art was created by the person who once resided at 1342 lexington avenue ?
what is the type of government where the nigerian nigerian naira is used ?
what filmed with a character named the grinch did ron howard direct ?
what movies were directed by the notable person who was educated at william o. schaefer elementary school ?
what languages are used in the country where balochistan , pakistan is located ?
what form of government used in the country with national anthem lupang hinirang ?
what college with michigan wolverines baseball team did sanjay gupta attend ?
what is the political system where buenos aires is located ?
what film with character named t-1000 did chris farley do ?
who is the coach of the team whose fight song is `` sweet caroline '' ?
what zoo opened later and can be visited in bangkok ?
who is the 2005 coach of the team owned by the rooney family ?
where do the appalachian mountains run through , and is the location that appointed john lynch to a governmental position ?
where is the galápagos islandss located where the capital is quito ?
what spoken languages of the country that has northern cyprus ?
in what city was the educational institution that had a grad student named nicholas kehoe founded ?
micky arison 's sports team last won the championship in what year ?
in what city is the library for cornell university located in ?
where is the country that has national anthem humat al-hima ?
in the movie with the character `` rebel fighter '' who plays terminator salvation0 ?
who have been the coaches of the team owned by none4 ?
what form of government is in the country with national anthem du gamla , du fria ?
the country that contains maputo uses what type of money ?
people from the country that uses the iranian rial currency speak what languages ?
who owned envi in 2012 ?
what is the form of currency where `` the bride with white hair '' show was filmed ?
what language is spoken in the country where the currency is the iranian rial ?
who is the owner of the sports team that none6 coaches ?
what was the rookie season of the person who attended fort osage high school ?
what college did martin luther king , jr. jr attend that publishes b.u . exposure ?
which religion that has a mosque as one of its worship places is a major religion in russia ?
what form of government is used in the nation in which the tehran prince is found ?
what are some of the religious tenants for the people with the sharia belief ?
what do they speak in the country that contains the kandal province ?
the country that contains buenos aires uses what type of money ?
which basketball team owned by rick carlisle did steve nash play for ?
what was the last time the sports team owned by philip anschutz win a playoff series ?
what type of government does the country where seoul is have ?
who held his governmental position from earliest and was john f. kennedy 's family ?
what time zone is in the location where jeb bush was appointed to a government position ?
the nation where kaduna state is located has which type of political system ?
where is the organization led by john j tracy located ?
which countries and seas have a border with the country where the cherkasy oblast is located ?
what team owned by zygi wilf did hank baskett play on in 2010 ?
which man presently serves as head coach of the franchise that claimed the 1973 nba finals championship ?
what is there to do in the pacific time zone in san jose , ca ?
what educational institution with men 's basketball sports team named university of california , los angeles bruins did james franco go to ?
the islam people with religious beliefs in god pray to who ?
which super bowls were won by the football organization that claimed victory in the super bowl xlii championship ?
what city is the university which publishes the cornell university progressive located in ?
where was the artist born and raised who had the concert tour named last girl on earth ?
what team with then grambling tiger mascot did doug williams play for ?
what religion in russia has umar as a figure ?
people from the country that includes egypt8 speak what language ?
name two tourist attractions in the central time zone which are also in houston , texas . ?
what country in the united kingdom has the capital cardiff ?
what school michael jordan attended is the educational institution that has a sports team called north carolina tar heels men 's basketball ?
the capital of ankara is part of the country with what currency ?
what team did manny ramirez play for that has a mascot named stomper ?
who was the secretary of state when andrew jackson was the president ?
what team with a mascot named slider did manny ramirez play for ?
what city is the barch company from servicos internacionais located at ?
what country has the german speaking capital city of east berlin ?
what was the last super bowl won by the team owned by jerry jones ?
who were the 1980 nba finals champions that lamar odom is now playing for ?
what religion was mary todd lincoln that uses the bible ?
what languages are used in the country that has national anthem qaumi taranah ?
the kavango region is part of what afrikaans language speaking country ?
what well known songs are written the a famous alumni of elliott lake secondary school ?
what country borders south america and contains bulawayo ?
in what film with character named heavy duty doe leo howard play in ?
where college did jesse owens attend that publishes newspaper the lantern ?
when did the team whose mascot is billy the marlin win the world series ?
in which continent would you find the ocuntry where the mexician peso is used as currency ?
which language do they speak in the country , that includes the location of mae hong son province ?
what is another name for medical condition myelodysplastic syndrome ?
in what years has the sports team whose team mascot is called the oriole bird gone to the world series ?
people from the country where the egypt4 is located speak what languages ?
what governmental positions were held by a notable personage who attended the educational institution barack obama2 ?
what type of religion does the argentina0 have ?
who is the state senator in the location that appointed arizona0 to govermental position ?
what religion is in the country that uses the none4 ?
what is the mascot of the sports team owned by john c. malone ?
what was the name of the mascot of the winner of the 1995 world series championship ?
what home city does the sports team owned by mohamed al-fayed play in ?
who founded the organization mcdonald 's polska sp.zo.o ?
in the film with the character named rally supporter # 1 , who played howard stern ?
in what all years did the championship team who won the 1973 nba finals win the championship ?
what sports are played by residents of the country that incldues zulia ?
of the countries which are members of the united nations security council , which has the country capital of san josã© ?
the country that contains michoacán would require me to bring what type of currency ?
who are three of the most influential palestinian relative to the israeli ariel sharon5 since ariel sharon32 ?
what language is spoken where brong-ahafo region is located ?
who was the coach of the team that won super bowl xxx in 1996 ?
the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed in what country where mount everest is found ?
what british general held his governmental position from september 12 , charles cornwallis , 1st marquess cornwallis4 and was in thecharles cornwallis , 1st marquess cornwallis1 ?
the country with the capital of ankara uses what currency ?
team mascot benny the bull is part of the team with which coach ?
what sports team owned by bernie ecclestone has peter crouch played for ?
what language is used where the singapore dollar is used ?
what currency is used in the country that the capital is santo domingo ?
the person who once lived in the lodge party is what ?
in what portuguese speaking country was the tv show the bride with white hair filmed ?
what type of money is used where nã³grã¡d county is located ?
what roles is the most famous alumni of cuckoo schools known for ?
which religions are used in the country by the people , that has the national anthem of russia as its national anthem ?
what is the language where brazilia is the capital ?
what predominant religion in russia that worships at mosque ?
what years did the champion of the 1970 world series play in the world series ?
in the country with the national anthem la la borinqueña , who was the winner of the election for governor ?
what year did the person who went to tim duncan0 start in the nba ?
what are the languages used for communication in the nation where the brazilian real is the unit of currency ?
what form of government is used in the ciuntry that utilizes the nigerian nigerian naira as their currency ?
the person who once lived in le le cateau-cambrésis belongs to what artistic movement ?
when was the last time did the team with the fight song seven nation army won the super bowl ?
when was the last time jerry jones ' team win the superbowl ?
what are the major holidays of the sharia religion ?
what type of artist is the person who illustrated the book `` jazz '' ?
what is the birthplace of the individual who attended state elementary school menteng 01 ?
who is the head coach of the 1996 nba finals championship ?
which countries have german as the official language , that is the location contains and airport that serves the location of kleve district ?
what was the last championship won by the team whose mascot is benny the bull ?
what location includes the university that has the auburn tigers men 's basketball team located at ?
who were vice-president for richard nixon that held his government position from 1965 ?
what type of government system does the country with national anthem north korea0 have ?
where is the murray river located where they appointed kevin rudd to a governmental position ?
what main language is used in the country that uses nigerian nigerian naira ?
where does the champion of the 1994 stanley cup finals play at ?
what years has the team that won the 1970 world series championship go to the world series ?
which musical artist had a tour called k.a.o.s and was once a part of pink floyd ?
what port st. johns location appointed jeb bush to a governmental position ?
what currency is used where san pedro de marcos province is ?
who does hank baskett play for in nov of 2010 , and the sports team owner was zygi wilf ?
the team won the 1938 stanley cup finals championship has what head coach ?
the country that contains pernambuco uses what currency ?
what is the belief of the religion with ali ?
what university has the columbia lions mens basketball team and includes barack obama as an alumni ?
what is the religion observed by the individual who used to reside in chartley castle ?
who inspired the artist that went on this is it tour to become a singer ?
notable for her medical condition phoebe halliwell2 , what is phoebe halliwell 's real name ?
who started the organization that is led by laura wright ?
what team won the super bowl xli championship and hank baskett played for in nov 2010 ?
who is the quarterback of the team owned by none2 ?
which dominican republic location is in the central time zone and is a great place to vacation ?
who held his governmental position from november 27 , 2001 and rules denmark '' -u right now ?
also the architect that designed poplar forest , who did baron de montesquie influence ?
who did kim kardashianarsashian date that started his athletic career after 2004 ?
which languages are used the the country with the anthem titled `` arise , o compatriots '' ?
what city is the branch organization of amazon.com based out of ?
which nation that has an airport that serves kleve ( district ) is in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) ?
which team did the player who the player who attended green run high schoool sign with in 2012 ?
what is the currency used by the country with the national anthem national anthem of chile ?
what type of currency is used in the country that has the alta verapaz department ?
what location contains the airport that serves nijmegen and is a country in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) ?
when the illustrator of the book `` in his own write '' was shot , where was he standing ?
what balkans bordering country calls skopje its capital city . ?
where was the vietnam war located that contains stung treng ?
what currency is used in the country with ankara as its capital ?
which state has des moines as its capital and is touched by the missouri river ?
what was the cartoon that the child organization reedy creek energy services first appeared in ?
what is the hometown of the headliner of the taylor swift fearless 2009 tour ?
where is the location of the school with the luie the tiger mascot ?
which prime minister '' -g from japan held his governmental position the earliest from 2012 ?
who holds the position of georgia 2003-01-032 and took that position after none0 ?
which nation that has christ church parish located in it is the place where rihanna hails from ?
where did the artist that went on history world tour come from ?
what team did grover cleveland alxander play in that has the mascot named philie phillie phanatic ?
what team that won the super bowl xli championship did hank baskett play for in 2010 ?
what years did the team with fight song pittsburgh steelers polka win the superbowl ?
what currency is used in the country that has nicolas sarkozy as a government official ?
which language is used for verbal communication in the country in which iraqi iraq8stan is located ?
team owner rooney family 's team has what colors ?
who was the owner of the organization with roger eaton ?
what form of currency does the country containing cherkasy oblast use ?
what major landforms are located in the country that has sinai peninsula0 as its government officer ?
when did the sports team whose mascot is named lucky the leprechaun win their first championship ?
where did the country whose capital is brisbane get it name ?
what team with masccot minnesota vikings did hank baskett play for in 2010 ?
who was the attorney general of utah and was the first to previously hold a governmental position ?
what team that won the 1942 nfl championship game championship did doug williams play for ?
who owned audi of america in 2011 ?
the illustrator of the book dedivina proportione made what inventions ?
which countries does the country containing cook islands export to ?
what is the official language of the country where brazilia is the capital ?
when did the team owned by serena williams win the super bowl ?
what are the four official languages of the country with kaduna state in it ?
what zoo in chicago opened after 1868 ?
what religion did the turks follow in the country where the capital is none2 ?
which country does the country whose capital is wellington import from ?
what educational institution with the daily trojan newspaper did clay matthews go to college ?
which airport service the city that hosted the 1992 olympics ?
the person from seattle seahawks0 plays for whom ?
which zoo opened in 1940 and can be visited on a day outing to bangkok ?
what currency is used in the country that appointed vã¡clav klaus to govermental position ?
what is the type of government where ekiti state is ?
sports team owner edward p. roski last won the playoff series when ?
in what country is saint ann parish ?
what country that has the national anthem of russia import from ?
what type of government is used in the country whose national anthem is lupang hinirang ?
for what work is the notable person who once lived on charlie chaplin0 most famous ?
what country does china border with the capital of kabul ?
what country in the newfoundland time zone does japan import from ?
which language is spoken in the country , that includes the location of saint ann parish ?
which languages are used for communication the nation whose national anthem is national anthem of the islamic republic of iran ?
in which markets does an organization led by someone known as olden c lee work in ?
which catholicism0 is followed by the religions that worship in places called titular church ?
who invented the religion led by muhammad in islam in islam ?
what was the city that hosted the 1924 summer olympics named for ?
what else was made by the architect who was credited with designing the eastman theatre ?
what educational institution where theodore lesieg studied is the school whose newspaper is the dartmouth college review ?
what nation is a trading partner of portugal and the filming location of porque el amor manda ?
which country whose capital is tbilisi does armenia border ?
where is the tennessee river located in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
when did sports team owner james d. stern last win a championship ?
what teams are owned by the person who went to stan kroenke4 ?
where do people whose religious place of worship is the navajo people2 live ?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by david keene ?
what predominant religion in russia has notable figure named ali ?
in the country with kassaman for national anthem , what languages do the people speak ?
what type of currency is used in the country with rio de janeiro ?
what country whose capital is bratislava borders ukraine ?
what language is used in the country whose national anthem is `` dear land of guyana of rivers and plains '' ?
the people from the country that has the national anthem le mali people speak what languages ?
what form of political system is used today in the nation where they use the libyan dinar to buy things ?
who coached the team that the mascot is minnesota vikings8 ?
who influenced the artist of the this is it tour ?
what dialects are used in the nation whose anthem is `` jamaica , land we love '' ?
which religion has umar as a key figure and a large practicing population in russia ?
what character did the person who went to the cathedral school of st. john the divine play in none0 ?
what currency is used in the country that has brasã­lia as capital ?
what college was attended by the most known alumnus of state elementary school menteng 1 ?
where is the sports team that is owned by jeffery loria ?
from where is the person who attended marshall middle school ?
who in john f. kennedy 's family held his governmental position from latest ?
of all the judges of the supreme court , which is the notable person with the medical condition of diabetes mellitus ?
who is the none7 state senator who started in government after 01-03-1953 ?
where did the artist whose concert tour was named `` tim mcgraw 2009 concert tour '' grow up ?
where is the country that has ahuachapã¡n department located ?
who is the current coach of the 1970 nba finals champions ?
what fun zoo is there to see in the eastern time zone in philadelphia ?
what people were considered to be influrencers to the architect who was behind the stephen m. b. hunt house i project ?
what language is spoken where trelawny parish is ?
what team did the person who went to chase lane primary school play for in 2013 ?
what team with mascot named ragnar did hank baskett play for in nov 2010 ?
what year did the team with the mascot rise win the super bowl ?
which religion that has a belief called divine simplicity is observed by george soros ?
what is the currency of the country where they speak czech republic6 ?
what is the holy book of nontheism religion called ?
what time zone is in the country that has stockholm county ?
which of the 4 countries that constitute the united kingdom has belfast as capital city ?
what type of money is used where san jose is the capital ?
what languages are spoken in the country with south africa2 ?
who is the president in 2011 of the country with tarapacã¡ regio ?
which team that claimed victory in the 1973 nba finals did tyson chandler play for ?
what city hosted the 1968 summer olympics and is home to frida kahlo ?
where does the united kingdom import from that has the valley as its capital ?
santa fe is the capital of which us state where the navajo tribe lived ?
what character in the movie the wiz was known for heding the `` history world tour '' concert series ? . ?
where did barack obama go to school where the newspaper was `` harvard law school record '' ?
what is the type of government where anwar sadat holds a governemnt position ?
what languages are spoken in the country that appointed anwar sadat to a government position ?
where was the currency used the southern states confederate currency and the place where the battle of gettysburg was fought ?
where does mascot crazy crab 's sports team play their home games ?
which us state 's capital is lincoln and also wayne 's state ?
who are the deities in the religion that worships at yavuz sultan salim mosque ?
what form of government is used in the country that appointed nicolas sarkozy to a government position ?
people from the country that has the national anthem nigeria , we hail thee practice what system of government ?
in which city is the university with the mascot called oregon state university benny beaver located ?
what country is a member of the united nations security council and has beijing as its capital ?
in the team that won super bowl vii , who was number 22 ?
what is the state flower of the state with phoenix as its capital ?
the country that contains egypt4 speaks what language ?
which years did the 1983 champions go to the world series ?
which is the largest country that partially contains denmark ?
which super bowls were won by the winner of the super bowl xlii8 ?
perpignan is located in what country that falls in the central european time zone ?
what type of currency is used in the country with national anthem called valiant quisqueyans ?
what type of government is in the country whose major exports are from fruit and nut tree farming ?
richard d. holland is part of the organization located where ?
what are the names of the kids of the artist who had the `` history world tour '' ?
where is the team with the mascot named billy the marlin ?
which religion practiced in thailand believes in mahdi ?
a person from the horace mann school for the deaf and hard of hearing education institution faces what challenges ?
who held a government position after 06-08-2010 and was the 2006-09-260 of japan in 2012 ?
what are the films with a character called conan the barbarian that leo howard appeared in ?
what continent within the eastern time zone is home to el salvador ?
where did the person who attended none8 got to school ?
what is the currency need in the country with la bayamesa as the national anthem ?
what form of government used in the country that the capital is bamako empire ?
where did woodrow wilson go to school that has a sports team named the davidson college ?
who was the leader of the country that has santiago de cuba province in 2012 ?
what religion believes in the virgin birth of jesus and was also mary todd lincoln 's religion ?
which vice president was educated at st. john 's catholic elementary school ?
what airport do you fly into for destin that is in the central time zone ?
what country speaks arabic language and contains the emirate of ajman ?
who coached the team that won 2011 super bowl xli ?
who did the person marriage with an education from none6 ?
in which years have the team that is owned by steve bisciotti claimed the super bowl title ?
what position did the person with malaria hold in the constitutional convention ?
who were the rulers of the country that appointed margrethe ii of denmark to a governmental position ?
where is david j. skorton 's organization located ?
what country is mount everest in and also the location that appointed the national people 's congress to a governmental position ?
in the film with the characcter named the omen4 , who played damien ?
what museum in philadelphia was established the latest ?
who was the 1945 leader of the country that has `` the internationale '' national anthem ?
who is the 2010 president of the country that contains san pedro de macorís province ?
what location is the mascot auburn university auburn university0 found in ?
who is the current president of the country whose national anthem is the national anthem of peru ?
what did the famous person who went to neolani elementary school study in college ?
the person who went to saugerties junion high schoo is marriage to whom ?
what country bordering ukraine that has the capital moscow ?
who are the players on the toronto maple leafs that started their career after none8 ?
what countries in the european time zone does portugal trade with ?
what south america country speaking italian in home to the capital city of buenos aires ?
the converse organization sells what type of products ?
what arabic language-speaking country 's capital is ray ?
which city that played host to the world war ii0 did anne frank reside in before the war ?
what film starring none1 has a character named a.c. slater ?
what countries using the switzerland franc currency are in western europe ?
what college with the harvard law school record newspaper , did barack obama supposedly attend school ?
in what years did the 2004 world series championship winner win the pennant ?
what are the children of the person named ike who attended tina turner0 ?
which country that contains lindi does south africa export to ?
what country that is ruled by maria theresa has the capital of budapest ?
when did team owner james d. stern 's sports team first win their championship ?
what was the team that won the 1980 american league championship series located in ?
what time zone is the country with nicolas sarkozy as its government official in ?
where is the artist from who had the concert tour named this is it tour ?
university of maryland university college0 graduated from an educational institution in what city ?
where is the tennessee river located in the eastern time zone ?
who is the current leader of the country with none0 as its national anthem ?
what is the capital city of the country that has berat county ?
who was drafted by the team who has a mascot named whammer ?
what team with dallas mavericks man mascot will lamar odom play for this year ?
what state with the capital of trenton did hurricane irene hit ?
what is the name of the currency where santo domingo is the capital ?
what is the type of government where pyongyang is the capital ?
what form of government does the country with tehran province have ?
which person notable with the medical condition intellectual disability is of john f. kennedy 's family ?
where is sarajevo located in the central european time zone ?
where does the sports team owned by bernie kosar play at ?
what country fought i the gulf war 1991 and uses the currency argentina peso ?
what continent is the countrwy with yerevan located in ?
what time zone is the state with the capital tallahassee located in ?
who is the current president in 2011 of the country with national anthem valiant quisqueyans ?
in which city , does allen iverson live currently , which is the city that hosted the 1996 summer olympics ?
what money is used in the country who has the national anthem of chile ?
which of the major religions of canada believes in the virgin birth of jesus ?
team mascot tyrod taylor8 is was part of the team in 2012 with what quarterbacks ?
what is the state tree of the state tree of the state whose capital is montgomery ?
in the movie that contains the character oss agent # 5 , who plays juni ?
what country in western europe contains tyrol ?
who does the religion with the figure ali worship ?
which nba team with the mascot called dallas mavericks man had tyson chandler as one of its players ?
what sports team owned by jerry buss did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
the country that has the national anthem la borinqueã±a has what national sports ?
what sports team owned by larry dolan did manny ramirez play for ?
where do the flemish live where the capital is brazilia ?
who is the leader in 2012 of the country with labayamesa as its national anthem ?
what type of government does the country that contains new providence have ?
where did charles darwin and his wife live , where the location time zone is greenwich mean time zone ?
who are the senators from the state where trenton is the capital ?
which states in the central time zone make up midwestern united states us ?
what team won the 1987 rugby world cup championship and is a main new zealand sport ?
which language do they speak in the country that has the national anthem of austria6 ?
what nation contains the regions that produce retsina wine ?
in which country that includes the location , of the rio de janeiro time zone ?
the country that contains al sharqia governorate has what political system ?
which religion is centered around the virgin birth of jesus and is practiced by madonna ?
what 2013 none5 senator held office from after january third , 2009 ?
who is the kicker for the team owned by none0 ?
what person notable with the medical condition bell 's palsy did tom cruise marriage ?
which currency is used in the area where the society of jesus '' -g is the leading religious organization ?
what religion with place of woship named methodism methodist central hall westminster did james k. pok believe in ?
where was the palace of knossos located , where the currency used in the country is the euro ?
what are the beliefs of the sharia religion ?
which australian religions have a notable figure named ali ?
what country speaks arabic language in the eastern time zone ?
which michael jackson movie is named for a wizard of oz character ?
what arabic language speaking country is in the central time zone ?
what god is worshipped the religion that has a notable figure of ali ?
what indian ocean african island country is one of iran 's major trading partners also contains the province of antsiranana ?
what inventions are credited to the architect who designed the thomas edison4 ?
in what years has team owner pittsburgh steelers2 won the super bowl ?
team mascot indianapolis colts blue is part of the team with who as head coach ?
the person education institution is miami heat0 played for what basketball teams ?
what team with a mascot named poe did michael oher play for in 2009 ?
the bride with white hair was filmed in the country mainly speaking what language ?
what currency is used in the country with pernambuco ?
what is the currency in the nation where stockholm county is located ?
which country with the capital of baghdad did the turkish people orginate from ?
what city is the organization led by libby burnham in ?
what year did the champion of the 1995 nba finals win their first championship ?
the country that contains murzuq district has what political system ?
the nation that uses afghan national anthem as its national anthem has which type of government ?
what country that contains tyrol did the house of habsburg control ?
what museum established earliest is good to hand out in chicago ?
what team did grover cleveland alexander play for that won the 1965 world series championship ?
the nation whose national anthem is aruba dushi has what as its unit of currency ?
who played jacob black in the movie that has a character named ms. cope ?
which country is a major exporter of the construction industry ?
fredbird is the mascot for which athletic organization the grover cleveland alexander played for ?
in the film that has a charcter named rev . jackson p. sayer , who played michael myers ?
what south africa0 countries does south africa share borders with ?
the location that appointed abdoulaye wade to governmental position uses what type of currency ?
in 2013 , who was the coach of the sports team whose fight song is `` sweet caroline '' ?
which languages do the people speak in the country , that includes the location of basel-stadt ?
what was the location of death of hte architect who designed charlotte county courthouse . ?
who is the coach of the champion of 1970 nba finals ?
what is the name of the mascot of the educational institiution with the sports team named clemson university tigers men 's basketball team . ?
which schools were attended by the individual who also attended none8 ?
which team won the 2009 nba championship and had derek fisher as a team member in 2012 ?
in which us state is port st. johns located , that is the same location , that appointed charlie crist to a governmental position ?
tehran province can be found in the nation that has what type of government ?
the artist of the concert tour named rihanna : live in concert tour is of what nationality ?
what is something good to visit in downtown chicago and has a zoo that had its start after 1868 ?
which part of the world is zimbabwe in ?
what is the type of government where abjua is the capital ?
the country that has the national anthem arise , o compatriots has what political system ?
the nation that has negaraku as its national anthem has what as its currency ?
when was the last time that the team with mascot named k. c. wolf win the superbowl ?
which language is most spoken , where the currency used in the country is the afghan afghani ?
where does the team with mascot named tommy hawk play ?
the organization restaurantes mcdonalds s.a. was started up by whom ?
which genres of music are performed by the artist who performed the michael jackson8 concert series ?
what major trading partner of germany has a capital called kabul ?
what is the political system where the north korean won is used ?
in what city does the band , which had an artist with world magnetic tour , live ?
what country trades with mexico and uses vila real ?
who is the coach of the team with mascot named lou seal ?
the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 education institution is senator of what state ?
what euro country has the wine regions that produces retsina wine ?
what is the currency one should take if one visits the nation whose national anthem is himno nacional mexicano ?
the country with the national anthem la bayamesa would require me to bring what type of currency ?
which type of money should i take to the country that has the national anthem , sri lanka matha ?
what championship was most recently won by the sports team whose owner is james l. dolan ?
what type of government does the location of the duisburg location have ?
in what nation that contains azad kashmir did osama bin laden live ?
what team did hank baskett play for in 2010 and has the mascot called minnesota vikings ?
the people from the country with the national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady speak what language ?
what country is puerto galera , oriental mindoro and cebu both in ?
what countries does the country that has kwazulo-natal export to ?
with places of worship that include churches , which is the most common united states of america religion ?
where on the map would you find the country whose national anthem is `` mer hayrenik '' ?
the antananarivo province is in what country that is a major iran trading partner ?
sports team owner fred wilpon 's sports team last won the world series in what year ?
what is the most recent super bowl won by the football club that claimed victory in the super bowl xxxix ?
what was the old name of the sports team mark attanasio owns ?
which country that contains najaf governorate was where the first gulf war was fought ?
what country bordering armenia has the capital of baku ?
the anntai-ji religious place of workship uses what holy book ?
which country in the balkans has the capital city tirana ?
what location that appointed bruce babbitt to governmental position did that navajo indians live in ?
where is the tv show rescued nation filmed and where tennessee williams lived ?
what country has spanish as a main language and uses the central african cfa franc as its currency ?
who that was in a government position after 03-07-2001 was part of the ariel sharon5 ?
where was the home of the artist related to the american idols live ! 2005 concert tour ?
when was the last time the 1988 world series winners won the championship ?
who was the president of the organization european unionropean parliament 2011 ?
what football team that won the super bowl xii championship did emmitt smith play for ?
where in the us did al-qaeda0 's organization attack ?
what type of government does the location of rio de janerio have ?
what location of the french alps is the place in which the local time zone is central european time zone ?
what country as english as a main language in the newfoundland time zone ?
what is the mascot of the organization that has ronald gallagher among its leaders ?
which person holds the position of president in the nation that uses the costa rican colon as its main currency ?
what is the political system of the country that contains the ekiti state ?
what team that won the 1903 world series championship did manny ramirez play for ?
what team with mascot named champ did lamar odom play for in 2012 ?
what dialect is spoken in the nation whose capital city is valletta ?
which languages are spoken in the region that produces retsina style wine ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the national anthem called egypt0 ?
the mascot gumbo is part of the team that plays at which stadium ?
people in the country that contains puntarenas province speak what languages ?
team mascot pittsburgh steelers was part of the team with what coach in 2005 ?
what professional athlete who coaches the vancouver canucks began his career last ?
what religions are in the country with vã¡clav klaus in government position ?
where do the people of the religion that uses the yavuz sultan selim mosque go to worship ?
what team owned by mark cuban did tyson chandler play for ?
which car companies are owned by the organization that includes john g. parker as one of its leaders ?
what language is spoken in the organization led by the argentina0 ?
when was the last super bowl to inlucde the team that had rise as thier mascot ?
what college with the dartmouth college review did robert frost attend school ?
what team has mark cuban as an aowner and includes lamar odom as a player ?
the country that uses the currency the colombian peso had who as president in 2011 ?
what is the state bird of the us state with capital city named frankfort ?
what state does sierra run through that has a capital named carson city ?
what is the name of the german speaking country where liã¨ge is located ?
what country that contains the federal district is a native home to the flemish people ?
what country that new zealand exports to has south tarawa as its capital city ?
what catholicism0 is worshipped in the building of santa cecilia in trastevere ?
what year did the graduate form poland academy become the president ?
who was the creator of the text used in the sunnah religion ?
people from moscow belive in what religions ?
the nation where trelawny parish is located has what as its prominent language ?
who was the 2009 governor of the state whose capital is denver ?
where is the location of the the university that has the daily barometer newspaper ?
what country using the saudi riyal does portugal trade with ?
who coached the none4 champions ?
in what year did the sports team whose organization 's mascot is called bailey win the cup ?
what country that vietnam war took place in that uses the currency lao kip ?
during which baseball seasons have the 1983 world series champions participated in the world series ?
what language is spoken in the country where corfu is ?
also the place where tv show porque el amor manda was filmed , where does barack obama live ?
what sea life zoo in dallas that opened after 1888 ?
what form of government odes the country with national anthem iraq2 have ?
wade dyke online is an organization located in what state ?
what australian state and territory contains the city/town canberra ?
the country that contains red sea governorate has what type of currency ?
who was the illustrator of `` in his own write '' shot by ?
what country uses bahamian dollar and was hit by hurricane irene ?
what country contains the mazandaran province and speaks persian language ?
the squad that emerged victorious in the 1994 nba finals won its initial championship in which year ?
what kind of money is used where `` gaumii salaam '' is the national anthem ?
who was the person with paraplegia who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what is the money called where the national people 's congress is ?
what are some of the national teams in the country that has national anthem called lupang hinirang ?
who is the coach of the organization with massimo moratti ?
who is the current coach for the team that won the 1973 nba finals championship ?
what languages are used in the country the uses the brazilian real as currency ?
in which year did the basketball team whose head coach was kevin mchale claim its initial nba championship ?
what team owned by charles barkley4t smith did charles barkley play for ?
new york giants0 sports team has which colors ?
where does wyc grousbeck team owner 's sports team practice ?
what god is worshipped in the region that consists of the yavuz sultan selim mosque ?
where is italian spoken where the currency is the switzerland franc ?
what years did the team who won the 1908 world series championship play in the world series ?
people from the country that appointed vladimir putin to governmental position speak what language ?
if you are in the nation with the capital rabat , what form of money would you use ?
what time zone is in the country that appointed mary fallin to the government position ?
which arena does the squad that claimed victory in the 1938 stanley cup finals championship play its games in ?
what continent is the location that appointed chris patten to governmental position in china ?
what is the main spoken language in the country with national anthem swiss psalm ?
what is the language of the country whose national anthem is `` majulah singapura '' ?
where is time zone utc−05:00:00 and walton indiana ?
what religion with notable figure named umar is in russia ?
where are the remains of the person who used to live in the edgar allan poe national historic site located now ?
what city is the corporate headquarters of the windstream holdings organization ?
what organization has the leadership role called president of technology ?
what geographic location where you 'd find canadian county , oklahoma is the region that appointed david walters to a governmental position ?
team owner wyc grousbeck 's sports team won the championships in what years ?
in which nation is the currency the macedonian denar and the language turkish ?
what person with bipolar disorder influenced michael jackson ?
what country is china 's trading partners and has north island ?
who 's the president of the country that includes the location of pernambuco ?
what government type is used in bimini 's country ?
where did robert hooke attend college that is in robert hooke0 ?
which language do the people speak in the country , that has the national anthem titled , saek language4 ?
what is the timezone in the us state where frankfort is the capital ?
what is the timezone in the state whose capital is denver ?
the country that uses the currency malaysian ringgit uses what type of currency ?
what city is home to the university with purdue university purdue university boilermaker special as their mascot ?
who influenced the work of the notable personage who attended the educational institution known as the albert einstein4 ?
what is the name of the jane austen book that has been made into a movie that has the character lydia bennet ?
when the notable personage who had a medical diagnosis of addison 's disease was shot , where was he ?
what form of political system is used in the country with kwazulu-natal ?
where does the team owned by rocky wirtz play their home games ?
who is the president of the country that uses the peruvian neuvo sol ?
which educational institutions did the architect who was credited with designing montagu house get his education ?
where is el salvador located in the central time zone ?
the country which uses the philippines peso has what form of government ?
in the country where the currency is the philippines peso , who was elected president ?
which country has the national anthem of , jamaica , land we love , do their people speak ?
what is the capital city of the country that has tirana county ?
what us state 's capital is named santa fe and where the navajo indians lived ?
what country with the capital of giyani speaks afrikaans language ?
what are the 3 children 's names of the artist who had a concert tour named this is it tour ?
what currency is used in the country with mae hong son province ?
who held his governmental position from latest and influenced abraham lincoln to become president ?
what should i do if i have one day in bangkok , and is the zoo that is open the latest ?
what years did the super bowl xi champions win the superbowl ?
the national anthem a portuguesa is the national anthem of the country in which people speak what langauge ?
during which nba seasons did the franchise owned by james l. dolan win the nba championship ?
where is child organization bofa af holding ltd 's headquarters ?
who shot and killed the famous person with addison 's disease ?
the team that won the 1969 world series championship won the world series last when ?
which airport is closest to the port in the city that hosted the 1992 summer olympics ?
which among iran 's primary trading partners once had co2 emissions of 2010 metric tons per capita ?
what empire using the hungarian forint did maria theresa rule ?
what school educated the artist whose concert tour was called history world tour ?
what is the field where the team with the mascot d. baxter the bobcat plays ?
what form of government does the county with red sea governorate have ?
what movie featured rachel berry as a characte and featured glee encore3 as an actor ?
what religion with religious belief mahdi is recognized in canada ?
what is the mascot name of the educational institution that is clemson university ?
what language is used where the samsun province is ?
when none9 was president and held his governmental position from after secretary of state2 , who was the secretary of state ?
where is roswell area 51 in the pacific time zone ?
what country has the capital named bulawayo ?
where did theodore lesieg go to school where the newspaper was `` the oxford student '' ?
where did hurricane irene hit that has cockburn town as its capital ?
team owner leslie alexander sports team won their first championship in what year ?
which player on the boston celtics ' current roster began his career before all the others ?
where in the central time zone did justin bieber grow up in ?
which language is spoken in the country with the national anthem lofsã¶ngur ?
people from the country that contains central division , fiji people speak what languages ?
what is the time zone in the country with the capital named nassau ?
guna yala is part of which country the panama canal runs through ?
who is the current leader in the country that uses cuban peso ?
what form of money is used in the country where the lopburi province is located ?
which team with the crazy crab mascot did deion sanders play baseball for ?
what language is used in the country that uses iranian rial for currency ?
the iranian rial is the unit of currency in the nation where which languages are spoken ?
people from the country from canton of jura speak what languages ?
what educational institution that has a men 's basketball sports team named columbia lions did barack obama supposedly get his education ?
what type of money is used where oranjestad is the capital ?
what language is spoken where brussels is the capital city ?
the person who attended education institution herbert hoover middle school has been in what movies ?
where is the location of the child company of american express hungary finance co kft ?
what european fifa team owned by stan kroenke also won the 2002 fa cup final championship ?
what structure in liverpool , england had its construction begin earliest ?
who did the cleveland cavaliers draft who started his career the earliest ?
what school with university yale daily news educational institution newspaper did james franco go to ?
who was the earliest elected president of the philippines ?
which native english speaking country 's capital is edinburgh ?
what college has rameses as a mascot and includes michael jordan as an alumni ?
where did the illustrator of in his own write die ?
what years of the super bowl were won by the sports team whose fight song is seven nation army ?
who plays faramir in the film with a character named mercanary on boat ?
what type of government is run in the country that has vladimir puting as a leader . ?
what schools were attended by the person who went to none0 ?
what university in the greenwich mean time zone did theodore lesieg get his education ?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem the internationale ?
people from the country that includes basel-stadt speak what language ?
in what country containing stung treng was the location of the vietnam war ?
what is the earliest zoo to be opened in downtown chicago ?
who did ronaldinho play for in 2011 with the team mascot named flamengo vulture ?
what do people who believe in sharia pray to ?
who held his governmental position earliest and was 2011 japan prime minister '' -g ?
whihc other mlb season did the winners of the boston red sox0 win ?
what country bordering the ukraine also contains yekaterinburg time zone ?
who was the first to name vladimir putin to the position of president ?
the artist with the last girl on earth concert tour is of what nationality ?
what form of government is used in the country with the capital abuja ?
what is the capital city of the country that uses the currency brazilian real ?
what country did queen victoria rule that contains the none0 ?
bridgewater bear is the mascot of which educational establishment that was attended by jeff corwin ?
what country in the western european time zone does portugal trade with ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to governmental position has what type of currency ?
what city is home to the university that has big al as the mascot ?
the country that has the national anthem national anthem of chile has what type of government ?
what was the type of art produced by the illustrator of `` jazz '' ?
what religion did adolf hitler follow that believed in virgin birth of jesus ?
where is the major exporter of hydropower located ?
what currency is used in the country with eastern catholic churches ?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem jamaica , land we love ?
which university did barack obama attend and is also the university with a team called columbia lions men 's basketball ?
the country that uses the vietnamese dong have what kind of government ?
the country that contains southern leyte has what type of government ?
what country in south africa appointed jakaya kikwete to a governmental position ?
what sports team owned by dwight schar did doug williams play for ?
what spoken languages are used in the country with cartoga province ?
a persons who once lived in benerville-sur-mer was born where ?
what is the location of the organization whose leadership includes a person named frank rose ?
what are the seas and countries that border the country where kiev is located ?
who inspired the famous person who went to vincent van gogh0 ?
the person who attended al-thager model school lived in what country ?
the country that uses the syrian pound is from what continent ?
where did flemish people come from that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position ?
what type of government is used in the country that uses malaysian ringgit ?
what city is the home of the nfl team that won the 1937 championship ?
what are the two official languages spoken in the nation whose capital city is asunciã³n ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to governmental position has what political structure ?
the country which uses the renminbi currency has what type of government ?
who held their govermental position from january 3 , 1983 and are the two current illinois senators ?
an individual who attended none0 portrayed which character in star wars ?
what team with head coach brad stevens played in the nba finals in 2010 ?
what central time zone countries does queen elizabeth ii reign ?
what predominant russian religion believes in mahdi ?
what language is spoken in the country where the nord-ouest department is ?
what other years did the champion of the super bowl vi win the super bowl ?
who held his governmental position the earliest and is prime minister of pakistan in 1999 ?
what city is the team owned by wayne weaver from ?
which nfl franchsie has ragnar as their mascot and included hank baskett on the roster in 2010 ?
what are the spoken languages in the country that has the national anthem jamaica , land we love ?
which country uses italian as its language and has pope frances as its religious leader ?
the person who attended education institution national academy of fine arts and design played what character in star wars ?
james l. dolan owns a sports team with what current coach ?
what are the team colors of the team with fight song renegade ?
who won the election of governor where san juan is the capital ?
the country that contains the northern district uses what main language ?
who played amy squirrel in the film that has a character named bad teacher0 ?
to whom was the personage who learned at the educational institution the mount school , york marriage ?
in the country that includes the location , puntarenas province speak which languages ?
what is charlotte , north carolina known for , and is the museum that was established after billy graham library2 ?
who help started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board , and the earliest to hold his governmental position ?
what are the other mascots on the team that uses crazy crab as a mascot ?
the nation where ardabil province is located has which kind of political system ?
where is university of leeds located at ?
what currency is used in the country that has kiev ?
what italian-speaking country has a religious leader named pope francis ?
what is the currency in the country of filming of the bride with white hair ?
what two european union countries speak german and once used the swiss franc as domestic currency ?
which years did the 1970 nba finals champions win the championship ?
what type of money is used in the area with a capital named oranjestad ?
what country is located in western europe and is in the western european time zone ?
what are the spoken languages in the nation where the singapore dollar is used as currency ?
who did steve nash play for that won the 2009 nba finals championship ?
what form of government is used in the country with northern district ?
what type of government does the country whose national anthem is `` negaraku '' have ?
what german speaking country that appointed miloå¡ zeman to governmental position ?
what languages are used in the country with national anthem god bless fiji ?
a person from charlton heston4 once lived where ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 that held the position the longest ?
which country from the location that appointed abdelaziz bouteflika to govermental position is one of china 's trading partners ?
the country that contains moscow is in which continent ?
where does jeb bush live in the central time zone ?
where is the head office of the parent company of hsbc hsbc bank bermuda ?
what are the primary imports and exports of the nation where the badakhshan province is located ?
in which other years did the winner of the 1989 nba finals championship also claim nba championships ?
which city is the college with a grad student named vernon robinson in ?
where are the french alps located , where the capital is paris ?
which pro athlete that started his career earliest did kim kardashian date ?
what is the time zone in which the host city for the 1968 summer olympics is located ?
who are the senators from the state whose capital is trenton ?
in the country with the national anthem of russia has what major religions ?
what does the famous person who went to anderson cooper2 do for a living ?
which educational institutions did an individual who attended none0 attend ?
which school did michael jordan attend , with which educational institution with the mascot rameses ?
what language is used in the country where the jamaica dollar is used as currency ?
what are the holidays of the religion whose text is sunnah ?
what are bordering countries to the armenia0 with yerevan ?
the person who attended state elementary school menteng 01 graduated from which university ?
who is the senator of connecticut in 2010 that is the youngest in politics ?
when i take my family to the city that hosted the 1924 summer olympic games , where should we stay ?
what langauge are used in the country which features the province and city of tehran ?
who influenced the person who went to luitpold gymnasium ?
what country reigned by queen elizabeth ii and had the location time zone of utcâ05:00 ?
in the film with a character named mortianna who plays robin hood ?
who were the brothers and sisters of the artist who had a concert tour named tito jackson4 ?
people from the location that appointed abdelaziz bouteflika to governmental position speak what languages ?
the the location that appointed dioncounda traorã© to governmental position had what type of government empire ?
which team with a mascot named stomper did manny ramirez play for ?
what city and state is home to the university that the alabama crimson tide softball team represents ?
what is the birthplace of the famous person who lived in lake mohawk ?
who was serving as the prime minister of pakistan during the year 1999 ?
where is portuguese spoken where mã¡rio soares was appointed to a governmental position ?
when did the team with the mascot named baltimore ravens0 with the super bowl ?
what northeast state in the united states has a capital called providence ?
where did the artist who went on the last girl on earth tour came from ?
in the country whose capital is quito , who was the president in 2012 ?
what is the motto of the state where boston is the capital ?
in which country do they speak persian language , where the location is in the central time zone ?
what is the most recent championship won by the team who won the 1992 nba finals championship ?
the artist of the concert tour george michael live in australia went to what school ?
what is the team whose fight song is skol , vikings did hank baskett play for in 2010 ?
the team that won 1983 world series championship won the world series in what years ?
what arabic language speaking country has baghdad as its capital city . ?
the person who obtained education at heritage elementary school attended with educational institution ?
in what state ws the tv show rescued nation tv filmed in ?
the nation where stockholm county can be found is located in which timezone ?
what religion is practiced in canada and does some of their worship in a chapel ?
people from the country that has the national anthem hatikvah speak what dominant language ?
the person who attended none0 played what on xmen ?
jerry buss is the owner of the sports team coached by whom ?
who was in the relationship with the famous person who attended apollo junior high school ?
who is the owner of the baseball team that won the 2012 world series ?
which football team whose mascot is known as rampage had kurt warner play for it ?
where was a famous person with anal cancer as a medical condition buried ?
in what state was the person who once lived in the white house supposedly born ?
the country which has the capital of abuja speaks what main language ?
what countries in north america '' -u continent that are in the time zone utcâ05:00 ?
where does the person education institution is napanee district secondary school live now ?
the country that contains mendoza province uses what languages ?
when did the team who won the 2006 stanley cup finals championship game win the cup ?
what continent is the country containing krasnodar krai located in ?
what is the type of money used in the country where the national people 's congress is ?
what dialects are used in the geographic region in which the national currency is the brazilian real ?
the tv show burn notice was filmed in what city that the miami marlins are from ?
the country where the canton of jura is located has what as its spoken language ?
what is the official language of the country with society of jesus '' -g ?
which country has a capital of calcotta and was once ruled by queen elizabeth ?
the religious text of shulchan is a part of which religion observed in argentina ?
where does the team that won the 1974 nba finals championship train ?
what country in greenwich mean time zone did francis drake explore ?
what movie with the character john nash did ron howard direct ?
where is arabic language used in the eastern time zone ?
what places are features attractions in place where the television show nbc nightside is filmed ?
the illustrator of the book jazz is famous for what type of art ?
what does george soros believe whose religious place of worship is the hurva synagogue ?
ronald g. garriques is part of the organization invented by whom ?
the person who once lived at 1342 lexington ave did what ?
what type of art did the illustrator of the book de mã©moire d'homme : poã¨me do ?
what spoken language is used in the country with national anthem boå¾e pravde ?
what colors does the team who uses `` baltimore ravens0 '' use ?
what occupation does the famous person who attended woodlands academy of the sacred heart do ?
what other years did the champion of the 2000 nba finals0 win the championship ?
what currency is used in the country with san pedro de macorã­s province ?
what to do in hong kong for a week that is the same location time zone as hong kong time zone '' -u zone . ?
what language is spoken in the country where flower of scotland is the national song ?
what museum established after 1922 is fun to see in philadelphia ?
where does the president live who attended the none2 education institution ?
who as of 2011 was the house speaker and had their previous governmental position after none2 ?
a person who once lived in the lodge belongs to what political party ?
what german language nation utilized the east germany mark for money ?
the religion with ali as its notable figure in russia is what ?
what kind of government does the country have with the airport that serves nijmegen ?
what country speaks english natively and uses the euro as currency ?
where are the sports teams owned by arthur blank located ?
what kind of money is used where bimini is located ?
austria6 is a city in the nation where which languages are used for communication ?
what american league baseball team won the 1903 world series championship ?
the country with the capital of brazilia 's dollar is called what ?
what nation where german was the official language had as its capital city east berlin ?
what type of language is spoken where the national people 's congress is ?
in the same country that sings the afghan national anthem , what language do most people speak ?
of the countries which have english as their native language , which location , appointed kevin rudd to a governmental position ?
what different sports are played in the country where the currency is the philippines peso ?
which languages are spoken in the country that includes the cook islands speak ?
what country uses the barbadian dollar and is the home of popular singer rihanna ?
what country did francis drake represent that has a capital called westminster ?
the person who once lived in liozna does what type of art ?
who was romantically involved with an individual who attended ben stiller0 ?
where do burmese cats originate from where the country has a capital called bangkok ?
what currency is used in the country with the capital of ankara ?
what country did james watt come from that has london as its capital ?
what us state contains auburn university and has a capital called montgomery ?
what football team did emmitt smith play for that is owned by jerry jones ?
what language is used where rio de janeiro is ?
where does the president of the educational institution none8 live ?
what religion with notable figure marcia falk does madonna practice ?
what religion with saccred site named safed does george sooros believe in ?
what year did the sports team win the super bowl that had the fight song seven nation army ?
team mascot rise is part of the team with what colors ?
what college did barack obama attend that has a newspaper called columbia daily spectator ?
paris is the capital of what basque-speaking country ?
what tourist attractions are there in the country that uses hong kong dollar ?
which queen victoria ruled country appointed william iv of the united kingdom to a governmental position ?
what country 's capital is brazilia and where italian is spoken ?
to which location is the sports team owned by michael jordan moving ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has salzburg in it ?
which currency is the best to take to the country that has the national anthem of valiant quisqueyans ?
the team that claimed the super bowl xliv championship had which man in place as head coach ?
which country includes the president of european unionropean council and is a member of the organization ?
what is the main language of the country where saint ann parish is ?
what team with team owner arte moreno did albert pujols play for in 2012 ?
what language does the country that imports for albania2 speak ?
what is the city where the university with alexandra fuller as a graduated student is located ?
which team won the 2008 nba finals and also played in the 2010 nba finals ?
on what continent is the country whose national anthem is le mali positioned ?
what southern american state is at once associated with the auburn university and the capital city of montgomery ?
what form of government is in the country that has national anthem national anthem of guatemala ?
what languages are used in the country that has canton of jura ?
which religion was practiced by the celebrity known for having addison 's disease ?
in the movie that has the character `` goon in bell-tower '' who plays blaine ?
what continent does the country that imports from zimbabwe located in ?
when did the team owned by peter angelos win the pennant ?
who coached the hickey squad the was the winner of the 1934 stanley cup finals ?
which of the common religions practiced in the united states of america has as their religious text the bible ?
who was marriage to the music artist who headlined the `` time for a love revolution 2009 '' tour ?
what country bordering south africa has gaborone as its capital ?
what type of currency is used in the country with el seibo province ?
what inventions were made by the architect who designed ragley hall ?
which of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) nations is the region where you 'd find burgas province ?
what country that was part of czechoslovakia that uses euro ?
what is a zoo in houston that opened the latest ?
what school did martin luther king , jr. jr attend whose newspaper is `` b.u . exposure '' ?
who did anthony bennett0 's sports team draft ?
what other inventions were made by the architect who designed thomas edison4 ?
what is the religion of the country that has haifa district ?
the person who attended belmore technical college belonged to what party ?
which ohio state senator held his governmental position from earliest ?
when was the last time the champion of the 1996 nba finals win a championship ?
what currency is used in the country that has magallanes y la antã¡rtica chilena region ?
what country did czech republicslovakia become that contains the moravian-silesian region ?
what is the country that was involved in the vietnam war and has manila as its capital ?
what educational institution with the yale daily news was eli whitney 's place of education ?
michoacán is located in the nation where which form of government is in use ?
what country with none4 as its capital was ruled by queen victoria ?
people from the country with the argentina peso currency speak what languages ?
what group with the capital of richmond fought the battle of gettysburg ?
what country did james watt come from in the greenwich mean time zone ?
what country with the capital of papeete is the location of tahiti bora bora ?
what type of money is used in the duisburg airport location ?
what has played the character of `` subway car annoucer and also been featued in king julian the film ?
what is there to do in the eastern time zone in ottawa , ontario ?
what type of government do they have where tarapacá region region is located ?
what team did rasheed wallace play for that won the 2008 nba finals championship ?
who plays the character junior lamb # 8 in a film ?
what university has leadership which inlcude auburn university0 ?
where did the artist with rihanna : live on concert tour come form ?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by keith e. wandell ?
what used the pound sterling and is the place the house of habsburg controlled ?
what is grad student university of alabama0 ' educational institution ?
what 2011 nba finals championship winning team did lamor odom play for in 2012 ?
which continent includes the national that has the national anthem titled pátria amada ?
what state does the team owned by bill bidwill locate in ?
limpopo is part of the country with what type of political system ?
what is the name of the university with the tiger and the cub mascot ?
what language is the principle one used in the region where a government post is held by nicolas sarkozy ?
who is the artist from the `` two the hard way tour '' that cher had a son with ?
who are the children of the artists who headlined the tina ! 50th anniversary tour and ike ?
which nba franchise has a mascot named dallas mavericks man and had lamar odom playing for them in 2011 ?
what currency is used in the country with oranjestad as its capital ?
who was the 2012 quarterback of the team whose fight song is `` none4 '' ?
in the country htat has a capital of pico duarte2 , what known vacation spots are often frequented ?
in what years has the sports team whose fight song is `` the baltimore fight song '' won the super bowl ?
what new jersey none8 held his governmental position from january 18 , 2006 ?
what religion did adolf hitler follow and has jerusalem as its sacred site ?
what major league baseball team starred jackie robinson circa 1955 ?
who owned the football team that claimed the 1961 nfl championship ?
what us state that mississippi river runs through it and has a capital city named jackson ?
what currency do i need in the country of cuba ?
who plays quarterback for the team whose ownership includes none3 ?
which individuals were 2013 none5 senators who held this government post since 2006-01-14 ?
in what country with a religious organization society of jesus '' -g do they speak italian ?
what is the current government system in the country with sacatepã©quez department in it ?
what work was done by the personage who lived in galileo galilei4 ?
what none8 from new jersey has been in the position since 1993/01/03 ?
in the film with the character the omen2 who plays damien ?
which country has south holland on the map within it ?
people from the country that has the national anthem hatikvah people speak what languages ?
what team coached by johny jones did shaquille o'neal played on ?
what major russian religion believes in tawhid ?
what college did michelle obama attend that publishes harvard law school record ?
what school with the varsity newspaper did sir ernest rutherford go to ?
what is the religion in thailand that has päli canon as its religious text ?
what museum established earliest in philadelphia is a fun thing to do ?
which team with the fight song fly , eagles fly did hank baskett play on in nov. 2010 ?
what is the capital city of the country that has salzburg in it ?
what is the currency of the country whose national anthem is `` du gamla , du fria '' ?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem libya , libya , libya ?
what religion has a notable figure of athanasius of alexandria and was followed by the ottoman turks ?
the person who attended edward devotion school was supposedly shot and killed by whom ?
what official language is used in the location where the program `` the bride with white hair '' was filem at ?
the location that appointed antonis samaras to governmental position uses what language ?
the team that won the 2003 world series championship , is from where ?
the people from the country with the national anthem noble patria , tu hermosa bandera speak what languages ?
what country that shares a border with south africa has a capital city of lobamba ?
what religion practiced by the ottoman turks is the faith where one type of place of worship is chapel ?
what is the currency for the country that contains the haifa district ?
where is the nfl organization led by robert rothman from ?
the artist who embarked on a concert tour called hannah montana : world tour 201/2011 was engaged to whom ?
what type of government is used in the country with cao bang ?
where would you find the educational institution that has a sports team called cornell university big red men 's basketball ?
where is the country located with the national anthem qolobaa calankeed ?
what government type does the location of `` the bride with white hair '' have ?
what is the main language where the national anthem is `` hatikvah '' ?
who inspired the work of van vincent van gogh and is the illustrator of the book the fish , the fighters , and the song ?
what is the type of government in the region where national people 's congress holds a governmental role ?
what holidays are boserved by the worshipers at the islam0 ?
where did the person who lived in start grow up ?
what new england state has a capital named boston ?
which countries are exported to from the country that imports from zimbabwe ?
the person who once lived in nancy pelosi0 represents what district ?
what are the colors of the team with mascot named baltimore ravens0 ?
what are famous tourist attractions where duisburg airport is located ?
what party affiliation is the architect who was known for designing `` poplar forest '' known for be a part of ?
who was the president in 2011 of the country that contains bogotã¡ ?
the country that contains corfu uses what currency ?
what did the artist of `` history world tour '' own ?
what is the city where the main headquarters of the united nations general assembly are located ?
what country has spanish as their main language where the capital is bogotã¡ ?
what government won in the country with the north korean currency ?
fred hanser is owner of the sports team with what manager ?
what type of government does the country with the capital of wellington have ?
the country that has the national anthem brabanã§onne has which three official languages ?
where is puerto galera , oriental mindoro located where the currency used is the philippines peso ?
the person who once lived in the white house was part of the party ?
what is the stadium name where the team with a mascot named homer plays ?
where on a map would you find the educational institution that boasts of a graduate student named king dunlap ?
who was an influence on the person who was educated at stonyhurst saint mary 's hall ?
what country that uses the united states dollar currency does the panama canal run through ?
the country that has the national anthem north korea0 has who as leader today ?
what is there to see near austin , texas in the central time zone ?
what is the state bird of the state that jim edgar held a governmental position ?
what type of government did the bamako empire 's location have ?
who did the artist play in the wiz who had a concert tour named this is it tour ?
what languages do they speak where the religious organization leadership is the argentina0 ?
what countries share borders with the one where namibia4 holds a government position ?
what is the type of government where agusan del sur is ?
what is the birthplace of the artist who had a tour named rod stewart 2009 concert tour ?
when did the team owned by jeffrey loria win the world series ?
where is the home of the navajo indians and where the show `` dr fubalous '' was filmed ?
what american state within the mountain time zone '' -u does laura ingalls wildercall home ?
magallanes y la antartica chilena region are part of the country which uses what type of money ?
where do burmese cats originate that contains the surat thani province ?
which country 's capital is garoowe ?
when was the last time the champion of the 2012 stanley cup final win the playoff series ?
where is the main headquarters of the organiztion lead by sergey brin ?
what are the names of the children of a notable person who was educated at the institution eastbury comprehensive school ?
what holidays are celebrated by the religion that uses the islam0 as text ?
where is puerto galera , oriental mindoro located that appointed william mckinley to a governmental position ?
what city and state is home to the yale center for british art ?
what languages do they speak in the country that has the national anthem `` noble patria , tu hermosa bandera '' ?
what major religion in poland uses the religious text of the `` book of nehemiah '' ?
where do people whose religious text is `` sunnah '' go to worship ?
which player started his career after 2007 and is a miami dolphins quarterback ?
what is the capital city of the country that has national anthem amhrã¡n na bhfiann ?
in what city is the organization whose leadership includes someone named ban ki-moon based ?
what currency is used in the country that has samsun province ?
which player started his career late and went on to be the vancouver canucks coach ?
what language is used in the country that has argentina national anthem ?
what money is used where the lopburi province is ?
what religion with notable figure ali is in russia ?
who influenced the art of the illustrator of the book jean-auguste-dominique ingres6 ?
what location that is in the central european time zone fought during the gulf war in 1991 ?
what type of currency is used in the country that duisburg is located in ?
what is the state capital of the location that appointed sean parnell to governmental position ?
which system of government does the country that includes the location of new providence , utilize ?
who was the president when the us marines was established ?
who is the current ruler of the country that has south hwanghae province ?
where is the famous person who went to the wyndcroft school from ?
who played bob ewell in the movie that has a character named nathan radley ?
what persian language speaking country that has mazandaran province ?
who held his governmental position from latest and was vp for lincoln ?
the child organization walmart0 operates in what type of industry ?
what school did martin luther king , jr. jr. go to with `` the daily free press '' as the newspaper ?
in what us state is the capital phoenix and the navajo tribe live ?
what language do people speak in the country that has south africa8 as a government officer ?
what religion with religious sacred site named safed did ottoman turks follow ?
who was the founder of the religion with ali as a notable figure ?
what god does the religion with the notable figure of taoism2 believe in ?
what country has down district council ?
which language is spoken in the country that has the national anthem , titled as the thai national anthem ?
who held his governmental position from 1936 and was john f. kennedy 's family ?
which language is spoken where the lopburi province is located ?
which mascots represent the team that were the winners of super bowl xxxiii ?
what kind of government does the country with national anthem arise , o compatriots have ?
what basketball team with head coach doc rivers did lamar odom play for in 2012 ?
what american league baseball sports team is owned by george steinbrenner ?
what are the important holidays of the religion whose place of worship is the islam0 ?
where is the location that appointed anthony a. williams to governmental position and also the location of jfk 's inaugural address ?
david holl is in the organization started by whom ?
who was elected president after a person whose field of study was journalism died ?
where is the location of the country whose national anthem is `` azérbaycan maråä± '' ?
what currency is used in the country with komã¡rom-esztergom ?
what contributions to science did the architect who designed ragley hall make ?
what language is the dominant language in trelawny parish 's country ?
the country that contains bubanza province is located where on a map ?
the country that has the national anthem hatikvah practices what are the major religions ?
what country uses the euro and has bratislava as its capital ?
the team that emerged victorious in super bowl iv last won which super bowl ?
which colorado representatives held the governmental position from january 3 , 1999 ?
in what country is the el salvador department located ?
who is the father of the person known for having myelodysplastic syndrome ?
none0 is part of the country that import and exports what ?
who is the president of the organization with president of european unionropean council in 2011 ?
the country that has the national anthem pátria amada uses what money ?
which religion has a prominent figure called michael lerner and is practices by madonna ?
the country that contains barima-waini south america speak what language ?
who is the owner of the sports franchise whose fight song is hi-o hi-o for cleveland ?
what basketball team won the 2009 nba finals championship has shaquille o'neal played for ?
who is the senator of kansas in 2013 that had his position after 1-3-1997 ?
which airport flies into the location where josã© fã©lix uriburu holds a governmental position ?
where was the first gulf war fought that contains the barsa governorate ?
what stadium does the team whose fight song is `` the baltimore fight song '' play ?
who was the 1996 us governor of the state that has jefferson city as its capital ?
the country with the capital of brazilia speaks what language ?
who coaches the athletic squad that claimed victory in the 1987 nba finals championship ?
the country that contains northern district uses what kind of money ?
when did the team that won super bowl xxx last win the super bowl ?
what team owned by steve bisciotti did michael oher play for in 2009 ?
sports team owner wyc grousbeck first won a championship in what year ?
what town and country does st. michael catholic secondary school located in ?
what us state has a capital named hartford and was hit by hurricane irene ?
who is the none2 of the country whose capital is wellington ?
in which country that includes the northern district , which languages do the people speak ?
in the film has a charcter named carl bentley , who pays jumanji ?
what is the most recent time the winner of the 1996 nba finals won a championship ?
what currency is used in the country whose national anthem is `` noble patria , tu hermosa bandera '' ?
bilady , bilady , bilady is the national anthem of the country with which political system ?
what is the type of government used in the country that uses the currency nigerian nigerian naira ?
where are the google headquarters located in the pacific time zone ?
what languages are used in the country with philippines0 ?
what team owned by bill neukom did deion sanders play baseball for ?
what things were invented by the illustrator of `` ornithopter2 '' ?
the country that uses the currency the mexican peso has what type of government ?
the person who once lived in smiljan known for what ?
the person from harkness ballet education institution died from what disease ?
what college with mascot cy the cardinal did george washington attend ?
what location that appointed john v of portugal to govermental position did the house of habsburg control ?
who is the team that has a mascot named rally ?
which international organizations , where the currency used in the cochina8try is the none2 part of ?
what college with sports football team named california golden bears did jack london attend ?
what occupation did the famous person who went to william o. schaefer elementary school have ?
who held their governmental position from after march 4 , 1797 and were influenced by baron de montesquie ?
which system of government does the country that has the national anthem , nigeria , we hail thee , utilize ?
in the country that holds agusan del sur , what kind of language do they speak ?
what country 's long term unemployment rate is largest and is nina dobrev 's nationality ?
what southern united states of american state within the utcâ05:00 time zone contains the port st. johns ?
agusan de sur is part of the country with which elected president ?
which american league baseball club as a mascot that goes by the moniker sluggerrr ?
the location that appointed dioncounda traorã© to govermental position is located where ?
what country using the australian dollar currency does japan import from ?
what nation ruled by maria theresa is the geographic region that includes pest county ?
what language is used where the capital is suva ?
in 2012 , who played quarterback on the team whose mascot was called quarterback4 ?
in what time zone would you find the geographic region where there 's a state capital called pierre ?
which nhl season did the franchise owned by edward p. roski win the stanley cup ?
what tourist attractions are there to visit in san diego california , ones which opened on after san diego zoo safari park0 ?
what 's the political system in the country that includes the red sea governorate ?
if you are in the city that hosted the 1900 summer olympics , what are some popular hotels ?
the team that won the 1985 world series championship came from where ?
of the countries , which the panama canal runs through , which country includes the colã³n province ?
the country with the capital of san jose uses what money ?
who inspired the famous person who went to neolani elementary school ?
what states neighbor the us state whose capital is called mississippi2 ?
who is the mascot of the sports team owned by bill neukom ?
what continent is the country that has shirak province located in ?
what common united states of america religion has a sacred site named kushinagar ?
what country in north america '' -u uses the bahamian dollar ?
what museum which opened earliest is there to see in downtown chicago ?
the country with the national anthem national anthem of russia is in what continent ?
what company did the windstream holdings used to be ?
which nfl franchise is owned by bill bidwill and once had emmitt smith on the team ?
what years did the team owned by peter angelos play in the world series ?
where in florida does the team with the mascot named billy the marlin play ?
what is the language where the argentina national anthem is used ?
what styles of arts were made by an artist who lived in henri matisse2-cambrã©sis ?
the nation with the national anthem god bless our homeland ghana has what as its language ?
what is the language used for communication in the nation where the unit of currency is the argentina peso yahoo ?
in which timezone is the country where the national currency is the bahamian dollar ?
this city is the capital of the nation whose national anthem is valian quisqueyans ?
what major religion in canada has mecca as a sacred site ?
which state 's senator attended barack obama0 ?
what italian speaking country that has religious organization easter catholic churches ?
in the movie with the character named `` game tech '' who played caesar flickerman ?
in the film with the character named star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith0 , who wore the darth vader suit ?
what year did the team owned by jerry buss win the championship ?
where in the central time zonezone do people speak german ?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) member country that is in eastern european time zone ?
which players on the toronto maple leafs started their careers after none6 ?
who does the religion with the figure ali pray to ?
what religions are in the country with none0 ?
what did the illustrator of `` tao of jeet kune do '' die from ?
which of audrey hepburn 's husbands had audrey hepburn0 ?
grad student mike phipps attended the education institution located in what city ?
what years did the team with mascot named rise won the superbowl ?
which team does the person who majored in vehicle structure race for ?
which man was in a government position since none4 and was serving as 2003-01-032 of georgia in 2011 ?
which are the currencies used in the country whose capital is panama city ?
who fought the battle of gettysburg and designed jupiter inlet light ?
the the country that has the national anthem march on , bahamasland has what type of government ?
which political system is practiced in the location where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed ?
in which country that includes the egypt4 location , speak which languages ?
what person notable with the medical condition bell 's palsy was the prime minister of canada in 1993 ?
what area that speaks arabic language is where the tv show zola levitt presents was filmed ?
in the film with the character blackwell , who will play clary ?
what are the countries that use the euro and are located in the eastern european time zone ?
what religion is prominent in poland that followers attend church to worship ?
what main language is spoken in the country that uses brazilian real ?
the country with the iranian rial currency has what type of government ?
what central time zone location do the appalachian mountains run through ?
what year did the champion of the 1995 nba finals first won the championship ?
which of the most common united states of america religions believes in yuga ?
what time zone is the country that contains new providence in ?
what is the kind of government in south korea ?
where did the artist who had a concert tour named believe tour grow up ?
the country that contains santiago de cuba province would require me to bring what currency ?
the country with the capital of pyongyang has what type of political system ?
it 's where barack obama attended school , and is the education institution that has a sports team named , columbia lions softball ?
in what continent is the country with national anthem humat ad-diyar located in ?
in the film that has a charcter named lots-o'-huggin ' bear , who played none0 ?
who was the none0 of none5 that held his government position from 2-2-1994 ?
where was the palace of knossos located that was the place that appointed antonis samaras to a governmental position ?
what country has the palace of knossos and andros ?
who sang for pink floyd and is a person notable with the medical condition bipolar disorder ?
what is the main langauge where northern district is located ?
who held his governmental position from after april 16 , 2004 and was prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 ?
where is the university that has the oregon state university beavers men 's basketball team located ?
what language is spoken where the nigerian nigerian naira is used ?
where is the educational institution that lavinia norman was a grad student at located ?
what city is the organization with the leader university of oregon0 in ?
what team with mascot named warrior did bristol palin go to school ?
in what central time zone location does barack obama live ?
team owner super bowl xlii8 last won which super bowls ?
what states in midwestern united states us are located in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
what form of government is used in the country with pyongyang as its capital ?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow that has a religious belief of the virgin birth of jesus ?
what attraction is in phoenix and is in the mountain time zone '' -u ?
the artist on the concert tour named carrie underwood : live 2006 lived where ?
what languages are used in the country that has the national anthem god bless our homeland ghana ?
the cfp franc is used in what country where perpignan is located ?
what is the language spoken in the country with the capital of brazilia ?
what pacific region country is both home to tahiti bora bora and the tuamotu-gambier islands ?
what university in the eastern time zone did sanjay gupta go to school ?
what type of political system is used in the nation where you 'd find herat province ?
what does the country that contains the wellington region import from ?
in what geographic location would you find the educational institution where there 's a graduate student named stephen g. haines ?
the country with ardabil province has which category of political system ?
ottoman empire4 is the capital of the country with what religions ?
what form of currency is used in the city of south holland ?
which occupations did the person who was educated at author0 work in ?
where does team owner jeffrey loria 's sports team play ?
who is the wife of the famous person that went to stockton wood road primary school ?
what other years have the 2012 world series champions won the world series ?
people in the country that has the national anthem national anthem of south africa speak what languages ?
where should a family stay in the city that hosted the 1924 summer olympics ?
which religion that believes in the fall of man was followed by adolf hitler ?
what family-friendly water park in daytona beach located in the time zone is eastern time zone can i visit ?
which pennsylvania state universityate campus circulates the daily collegian ?
what role in paul mccartney2 did the person who went to education institution stockton wood road primary school play ?
the country that contains doha uses what type of currency ?
what asian country speak chinese also contains the gansu province ?
who 's the new none2 of the location , that appointed rick scott to a governmental position in 2011 ?
what country did francis drake explore with the capital of westminster ?
what person notable with the medical condition stroke is one of the two illinois senators ?
who is currently playing for the none3 and started his career in 2013 ?
what is the timezone in the nation where kronoberg county is located ?
what arabic language speaking country that the tv show zola levitt presents was filmed in ?
what is the most used language in the areas lead by the eastern catholic churches ?
who is the president of the country with national anthem hatikvah ?
what is charlotte , north carolina known for in the eastern time zone ?
the educational institution with mascot university yale yale university handsome dan is located in what city ?
when was the last time the champion of 1945 stanley cup finals win it again ?
people from the country with the capital of brazilia speak what language ?
what is the type of government where duisburg airport is located ?
what massachusetts religion has a religious belief named saá¹sära ?
what is the art style of the artist who has sydenham 's chorea ?
in the film gothmog , who plays the the character none0 ?
where did rihanna come from that contains saint michael parish ?
which character was portrayed in batman returns by an actor who used to reside on brock island ?
in what city and state id the university for the sports team university yale bulldogs men 's basketball located ?
where is area 51 in roswell in the mountain time zone '' -u ?
which are the dominant religions in the country that includes moscow ?
of the countries in the world , which speak arabic language , which is the country that includes the location , emirate of ajman ?
what caribbean country did rihanna originate from has bridgetown a its capital city ?
the samukh district is from what country ?
which superbowl did steve bisciott-owned sports team win ?
the song scotland the brave is the national anthem in a country where which language is spoken ?
what state has a capital named denver and has university of rockies ?
where is the location in eastern time zone did bernard madoff live at ?
what city does the college that publishes the newspaper purdue university exponent located in ?
the country that has the national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraina borders what countries and seas ?
what is the airport where the 1924 summer olympics was held ?
what is the holy book of the religion that worships at a place called wat ?
which team that won the 1980 nba finals championship did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
what current senator of none1 began his governmental position after united states senate2 ?
where is nineveh city located , and is the country that includes the najaf governorate ?
who did kurt warner play for that won the 1956 nfl championship game ?
where did bernard madoff live , which is the same location , that appointed georges pompidou to a governmental position ?
people from the country that has the national anthem anthem of peru speak what languages ?
what team that won the 1980 nba finals championship did steve nash play for ?
people from the country that includes leiria speak what language ?
what type of political system is run the the country that has the national anthem of the islamic republic of iran as their anthem ?
what is the burial place of the famous person who lived in hyannis port , massachusetts ?
what team with mascot named champ did lamar odom play for in 2011 ?
what money is used in the country where curepipe is ?
what time zone is in the country that kronoberg county located in ?
where does the 2012 champion of the world series play baseball home games ?
what team did the famous person who went to fort osage high school play for in 2012 ?
the zhihua temple gods are what religious organizations ?
what type of government is in the country who has the national anthem north korea0 ?
what athletic organization held by none2 is the club for which grover cleveland alexander worked ?
who coached the team who won the 2012 world series championship ?
of what religion believing in unitariian monotheism is george soros a believer ?
what is the standard time zone where the capital is lansing ?
what languages are used in the country that has the national anthem hatikvah ?
who was the 2010 senator from the state that has none0 as a capital ?
what does the god in islam religion follow ?
what did the house of habsburg control , where the capital is berlin ?
what school did the artist who went on tour this is it go to ?
what are the accomplishments of the famous person who went to william o. schaefer elementary school ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to governmental position has what political system ?
what team did hank baskett play for in 2010 that has the fight sone skol , vikings ?
what stadium does the team with the sir saint footbal mascot play in ?
what division does the team with the mascot named indianapolis colts blue play in ?
what type of religion does argentina have where the religious belief is divine simplicity ?
where was the tv show dexter filmed and the home of the miami marlins ?
who is number 22 of serena williams ' sports team ?
what is the electorate district of someone voting in miami state high school education institution ?
what form of government does the country that has southern leyte have ?
where does the team owned by steve bisciotti play at ?
what sports team owned by stuart sternberg did manny ramirez play for ?
which country that is led by the eastern catholic churches fought in the gulf war ?
where does the team owned by john c. malone play their home games ?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem plenty and in time of need ?
when did sports owner tom gores sports team last win the championship ?
what religious belief has nontheism gods ?
what work influenced the person who attended education institution vincent van gogh0 ?
what kind of money should i take to the country with the samsun province ?
what movie was directed by an alumni of el rodeo school ?
who is the owner of the team who has the fight song `` i 'm shipping up to boston '' ?
what team with a mascot named aslan ( the lion ) does didier drogba play for in 2013 ?
what car companies are owned by ford motor company mexico holdings inc ?
where did the famous person who went to danny jones middle school born ?
what fun thing is there to do in the central time zone in houston ?
where is sony corporation canada 's headquarters ?
what major russian religion has a notable religious figure named umar ?
what are the langauges in the country where basel-stadt is ?
what country in south africa contains bulawayo ?
what is the name of the album that the artist who went on rihanna : live in concert tour made in 2012 ?
what is the currency in the country that contains the red sea governorate ?
what type of money is accepted in the country that has the capital santo domingo ?
what major german trading partner is located in the central european time zone ?
what college did jesse owens attend that has a sports team ohio state university buckeyes men 's basketball ?
which type of money , does the country that includes the mendoza province utilize ?
with the mascot viking , which education institution did james franco attend ?
what european country is part of the united kingdom also has within it the down district council ?
which person in the movie soul surfer attended checotah high school ?
what european union country is at once both home to sarajevo city and contains republika srpska ?
what gods does the religion with the text zhuang zhou believe in ?
where in the pacific time zone can we stay in san francisco , ca ?
people from the country that contains east berbice-corentyne south america speak what language ?
who held their governmental position from after january 3 , 1969 and is state senator of none7 ?
who currently plays for the none3 that started their career after jeff green4 ?
where was jesse owens educated where the sports team is called the buckeyes ?
what role in the film grease was played by the actor who was an alumni of quintano school for young professionals ?
what form of money is used in the country that contains northern cyprus ?
what is the language of the country where the federation of bosnia and herzegovina is ?
where does the team with mascot named miles play at ?
in which country is chinese spoken and is the filming location of the tv show the bride with white hair ?
what is the language used in the country with argentina0 ?
what type of government is used in the country with national anthem north korea0 ?
what us state has a capital of salem ?
what team was charles barkley on that won the charles barkley4 championship ?
what european union country which aarhus county calls home did the turkish people hail from ?
what kind of religion does massachusetts have with the notable figure marcion of sinope ?
what team did tom landry play for that won the 1938 nfl championship ?
what places are in the mountain time zone '' -u and was home ot the navajo tribe ?
what country that fought in the 1991 argentina1 has a religious leader named pope francis ?
people in the location that appointed miloå¡ zeman to governmental position speak what languages ?
what time zone is in the country that has the national anthem du gamla , du fria gmt ?
which baseball organization owned by fred hanser had albert pujols as a player ?
who is the brother of the person who attended st. michael catholic secondary school ?
what countries does the country with new zealand6 as its capital city export to ?
who played darth vader in the film with a character named naboo courier ?
the artist who had a concert tour named carrie underwood : live 2006 wa what character in soul surfer ?
where do burmase cats originate where the currency is the thai baht ?
what us cities which president barack obama called home share the eastern time zone ?
who was the mascot of the 2012 world series championship winners ?
what are the gods followed in the tibetan buddhism religious text ?
the nation that has flower of scotland as its national anthem uses which languages ?
what home of bill richardson is the site where the tv program `` porque el amor manda '' was filmled ?
the country that contains trelawny parish would require me to take what currency ?
people from the country that contains southern peninsula speak what language ?
what is the disease the individual educated at horace mann school for the deaf and hard of hearing afflicted with ?
what are some of the beliefs of the religious group whose place of worship is located at sikhism2 ?
what are the official languages of the country whose capital is abuja ?
what state appointed mike johanns to govermental position is wayne 's state ?
in what us state with the capital of olympia is mount st. helens located ?
what is the latest museum that charlotte , north carolina known for ?
in the location that appointed gavin newsom to govermental position , what hotel should i stay in ?
the country that has the national anthem president8 has who as president ?
to what art movement did the person who went to willem ii college belong ?
what state is the school that has the gw hatchet newspaper located in ?
what nation has some persian language speaking people living in its eastern time zone area ?
what form of government is used in the place with the country capital riyadh ?
what currency does the country that contains the colã³n province use ?
what team with team mascot named champ , did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
where is the country where the capital is nicosia located ?
who inspired the person who attended vincent van gogh0 ?
what symbol represents the nation that uses the ghanaian ghanaian cedi as money ?
what venue does the sports team with the fight song seven nation army play at ?
what languages do people speak in the country with capital named san jose ?
the nation whose national anthem is sa'idi arabic0 uses what language as its means of communication ?
where is the college with the auburn tigers men 's basketball team located ?
where in the world is the religious organization the society of jesus '' -g and also where italian is spoken ?
what religion in australia has a sacred site named lumibini ?
what team with sports team owner jerry buss did lamar odom play for in 2011 ?
who was the 2012 quarterback of the team owned by none8 ?
what languages are used in the country where the capital is ankara ?
what none1 senators held their governmental position from after january 3 , 1993 ?
what team won the 2009 nba finals championship and played in the 2010 nba finals ?
which person with bipolar disorder inspired michael jackson to become a singer ?
what beliefs are the basic ones held in the religious text that is called adi granth ?
what languages are spoken in the country whose capital is brasã­lia ?
who was the vice president of the president with addison 's disease ?
the person from harkness ballet had what type of cancer ?
what was the person who lived in the galileo galilei4 famous for ?
who inspired the artist that toured on history world tour to become a singer ?
what currency is used in the country with cartago province in it ?
who held his position last in won utah 's attorney general ?
in the movie with the character none0 who played charlie ?
what team with mascot named rise did michael oher play for in 2009 ?
what kind of disease did the artist of the `` this is it tour '' have ?
who owns the football team whose fight song is `` renegade '' ?
the team with the mascot named san diego chargers boltman originated where ?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow whose religious text is the bible ?
where was the palace of knossos located that contains the wine regions that produces retsina wine ?
what time zone is used in the country whose national anthem is `` nigeria , we hail thee '' ?
what united states of america state has the university with santa clara broncos 's men 's basketball ?
what major religion in poland has a religious belief in the virgin birth of jesus ?
the nation where el seibo province is located uses which form of currency ?
who is the current president of the country that has national people 's congress ?
what kind of money do they use in the nation that 's the location of santiago de cuba province ?
what is the political systems where tehran province is ?
when was the last time the team with mascot carlton the bear win the stanley cup ?
what city did the famous person with addison 's disease got shot at ?
what are the bordering countries of the country that has national anthem of south africa ?
what currency is used in the country whose national anthem is himno nacional mexicano ?
which holidays are considered the most significant in the religion that worships god in islam ?
what religion with religious belief in mahdi is in russia ?
what country has a persian language speaking population and includes the central time zone location ?
the team that has the mascot named the oriole bird won the pennant in what years ?
who portrayed private parts0 in the movie featuring a character named girl in lesbian camp ?
where did hurricane irene hit with nassau as its capital ?
where did the famous person with polycystic ovary syndrome grow up ?
where is the home state of the team that has big red as a mascot ?
what is the the political system where dmitry medvedev was appointed to a government position ?
what educational institution with sports team named dartmouth college big green men 's basketball did robert frost go to ?
who was the president in year 2009 of the country that has national anthem none0 ?
the country that contains mae hong son province has what religions ?
what genre is the film with a character named john carter0 ?
what form of government is used in the place where the capital is guatemala city ?
the country that uses the guyanese dollar currency uses what type of government ?
who coaches the sports team whose team mascot is fin the whale ?
what are some of the core beliefs in the religion in which the sharia0 is a sacred text ?
what type of political system is used in the country with kaesong ?
which of the two current senators of illinois held his governmental position from earliest ?
what are the basic tenets of the religion that believes in pyaar ?
where do the people of the religion whose figure is muhammad in islam worship ?
the person who once lived in frombork invented what ?
who held his governmental position after may 26 , 1993 and prime minister of pakistan in 1999 ?
what are the team colors of the franchise owned by dallas cowboys0 ?
what are the holy readings of the religion that has worshippers in the zhihau temple ?
the country that has the national anthem himno nacional mexicano has what form of government ?
when did the team with a mascot named fred first win a trophy ?
where is jonathan edwards college located ?
the illustrator of the book chinese gung-fu : the philosophical art of self defense had what cause of death ?
the sports team whose fight song is pittsburgh steelers polka uses which colors ?
what super bowls did the team that has a team mascot named poe win ?
what is the form of government used in the country whose currency is the guatemalan quetzal ?
what religion was followed by a portion of the ottoman turks population and includes calvary as a sacred area where a key moment happened ?
what coaches have been heads of the team that is owned by none0 ?
in the film that has a charcter named lord locksley , who plays none0 ?
who was the first leader considered to be a dictator in the country that uses the internationale as their national anthem ?
who was character 's gurgle 's dad 's voice in the film ?
where on a globe would you find the nation whose political anthem is `` national anthem of south africa '' ?
where did the famous person who went to al-thager model school die ?
what is the language used for verbal communication in the nation where the brazilian real is used as currency ?
what is the currency used in the country that have al sharqia governorate ?
what is the holy book of the päli canon religion ?
in the country with anwar sadat in governmental position , what language do they speak ?
the person from checotah high school education institution lived where ?
in the country that has a capital of islamabad , which languages are used ?
what language do people speak in the country with religious leadership of society of jesus '' -g ?
the team that won the super bowl xliv championship 's football stadium was named what ?
what stadium does the team whose fight song is `` i 'm shipping up to boston '' use ?
in which location , do the navajo indians live , where the time zone is in the mountain time zone '' -u ?
what religion in australia that has richard hooker as its notable figure ?
which religion that has the church as one of its places of worship was observed by mary todd lincoln ?
what sports team owned by jay-a has jason kidd played for ?
what was the occupations of the famous person who went to oxford high school ?
what religion part of the roman catholic archdiocese of san francisco was mary todd lincoln ?
child organization acadia students ' union is in what city ?
the team with mascot lou seal has which owner ?
who is the present coach of the nba franchise that was known for winning the 1996 nba finals ?
what inventions did the person who lived in smiljan made ?
where is the team from whose mascot is billy the marlin from ?
what is the capital city of the country with national anthem himni i flamurit ?
what years did dallas cowboys2 ' team win the super bowl ?
what country did queen elizabeth ii rule that appointed kevin rudd to a governmental position ?
what countries are in united arab emirates2 ?
what language is used in the country with trelawny parish ?
who did baron de montesquie influence that held his governmental position after april 1 , none2 ?
what are all of the seasons did the winner of the 1973 nba championship win the nab title ?
where is german spoken in the eastern time zone ?
what religion with notable figure ali is in thailand ?
what langauges are spoken in the country with the national anthem swiss psalm speak ?
the sports team with the fight song pittsburgh steelers polka won the super bowl last in what year ?
which forms of music are performed by a person who attended george r. smith college ?
what things did the architect who designed plum orchard do ?
what god is believed in by the religion whose sacred site is taoism2 ?
what baseball franchise is owned by philadelphia phillies6 and includes grover cleveland alexander as a former player ?
which religion with a place of worship called the titular church , did adolf hitler follow ?
where does the professional basketball club llc owner practice ?
what political system was used in the country with benghazi in it ?
what god does taoism2 believe in ?
what religion with sacred site named calvary did adolf hitler follow ?
what is the capital of santo domingo 's country 's currency ?
who held his governmental position from after march 11 , 1969 and won the none0ial race in none5 ?
what time zone is the country with national anthem negaraku in ?
when did the famous person who attended robert g. cole junior-snior high school enter the nba ?
which zoo opens the earliest and is good to see in the vicinity of bangkok ?
what is there to do in the location of time zone utc-0:500 in ottawa ontario ?
the person who once lived in the white house received their bachelor 's degree from which university ?
what is the capital city of the country that uses sri lankan rupee ?
in what city will you find danny jones middle school ?
who is the head coach of the team that has a team mascot named sir saint ?
the 1986 world series championship won their first world series in what year ?
people from the country that contains belgium0 speak what languages ?
what country where spanish is the main language has a capital city called quito ?
where is harvard university located in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
the country that contains northern district has what major religions ?
where dd bernard madoff live that used the cfp franc ?
also nina dobrev 's nationality , which country had the largest foreign direct investment net flow ?
what major language is used in the country that has saint ann parish ?
where did barack obama go to school with a sports team called the columbia lions ?
what language is spoken in the country where the currency is the peruvian peruvian nuevo sol ?
the country with the capital of oranjestad uses what type of money ?
which type of government is in use in the country that has abuja as its capital ?
what is the name of the mascot of the team that won the 1995 nba finals ?
the tv show the bride with white hair is filmed in what countries the vietnam war was between ?
what team does the person who went to green run high school play for ?
what country speaks chinese and has beijing as its capital ?
what spoken languages are used in the country with brazilian real as its currency ?
what basketball team with head coach charles barkley6 did charles barkley play for ?
what form of currency is used in the nation where the capital is guatemala city ?
what city and state is the hometown of the artist who headlined the jason mraz 2009 concert tour ?
what country are members of the united nations security council and also appoint georges pompidou to a governmental position ?
where is the country that used ottoman lira ?
what country did osama bin laden live in that has the capital khartoum ?
what language is spoken in the country whose capital is belfast ?
what is sold at starbucks coffee canana inc organization ?
a person who lived in murrundi would do what ?
when was the last championship magic johnson 's team won ?
the team with the mascot named pittsburgh steelers is owned by whom ?
what location that appointed jean-marc ayrault to governmental position is where the french alps are located ?
which team whose mascot goes by the moniker dallas mavericks man did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
in the sports team owned by venus williams , who is number 22 ?
people from the location that appointed miloå¡ zeman to governmental position speak what langauges ?
what city that hosted the 1968 summer olympics does bill richardson live in ?
which flag is a representation of the nation whose national anthem is god bless our homeland ghana ?
the country that contains ardabil province has what type of government ?
what years did the team that won the 1907 world series play in the world series ?
what location appointed abdullah ii of jordan to governmental position and arabic language is the official language ?
what is the home stadium of the team that won the 2012 world series championship ?
what city is the college that has the team with mascot cornell university big red bear ?
what team that won in 2009 did lamar odom play for ?
what are some beliefs that are from the people who follow the sunnah religion ?
what team with mascot named rally monkey did albert pujols play for ?
where did the person grow up who attend education institution west junior high ?
what religion did adolf hitler follow that has the chapel as a place of worship ?
who held his governmental position last and was the governor of georgia in 2011 ?
what is the name of the team that won the super bowl xxii championship ?
in the country with the national anthem himno nacional mexicano , what currency is used ?
which university circulates the daily californian and was the alma mater of jack london ?
who was the 2012 quarterback of the teams whose fight song is `` tyrod taylor8 '' ?
what sports team owned by silvio berlusconi did kaka play for in 2009 ?
what team that won the 1938 nfl championship game championship did kurt warner play for ?
what school with mascot maroon tiger did martin luther king , jr. jr attend ?
brazilia is the capital of the country using what type of currency ?
where did lil wayne go to school where there was a sports team named the houston cougars ?
what is the political system of the country with nigeria , we hail thee as its national anthem ?
the country with the national anthem motherland uses what currency ?
what is the currency used in the country with herat province ?
what major religion has a religious organization named roman catholic archdiocese of san francisco ?
in what years did the team who won the 1975 stanley cup finals championship win the cup ?
what is the type of money used where panama city is the capital ?
paris is the capital of what country where perpignan is located ?
what official language is spoken in the nation whose national anthem is `` valiant quisqueyans '' ?
what apps have been developed by the organization that has a team member title president of technology ?
the country that uses the mexican peso has what type of government ?
the country with the capital brazilia has what type of government ?
what is the state flower of the state with santa fe as its capital city ?
who does the person who went to wilkes central high school play in `` the hangover '' ?
what 's there to visit in barcelona , where the structure construction started the latest ?
who is the governor of puerto rico that has been in the government position the longest ?
what french speaking countries are in the central european time zone ?
where does the team who has k. c. wolf as a mascot play ?
which player who began his career the earliest dated kim kardashian ?
which of the two currently serving illinois senators had not been yet elected prior to 1997-01-03 ?
in what city is the organization whose leadership includes someone called andrew jassy based ?
what central european time zone european union countries do the flemish people call home ?
is a person is attending school no . 232 , what city and country are they living in ?
santa clara university school of law is located where ?
what books within the zhihua temple religion are considered to be holy text ?
what nfl team once starred john madden also has mighty oregon as its the fight song ?
what form of political system is used in the nation where the currency is called the philippines peso ?
what is the name of the tallest building in the construction exports industry ?
people who 's religious text is the quran go to worship where ?
what film with character named ajla is angelina jolie directing ?
which michael jackson film has a character that is called dorothy gale ?
what is the holy book of the religion whose sacred site is varanasi ?
what type of government is used in the country that has badakhshan province ?
where is the country that has the national anthem drå¾avna himna bosne i hercegovine located ?
which system does the country that has the national anthem of jamaica , land we love , utilize ?
what language is spoken in the country that has national anthem called flower of scotland ?
who was the spouse of the celebrity who once livd in paradise island ?
in what nation that uses east africa time zone '' -u zone to set its clocks did osama bin laden live ?
what kind of guitar does the person play who attended education institution of makoura college ?
the artist who had a concert tour named history world tour 's cause of death was what ?
what are the places of worship for those who believe in stupa gods ?
people from the country that has the national anthem lofsã¶ngur speak what language ?
what was the last championship won by the team owned by james d. stern ?
in the country that has appointed thabo mbeki , what governmental system is utilized ?
what type of cancer did the famous person who attended harkness ballet die from ?
which nation is where basara governorate and nineveh city are found ?
du gamla , du fria is the national anthem of the country in what time zone ?
what home of president barack obama is the place that selected vincent c. gray to hold public office ?
what was the wright brothers ' plane called and which model of aircraft went on its initial flight post 1902-09-19 ?
what team with the fight song seven nation army did jim harbaugh played for ?
what was franklin d. roosevelt 's occupation before president , where the office position was held from the year of 1788 ?
what country where the tv show porque el amor manda was fillmed do they speak italian ?
what were the things invented by the architect who designed edison 's black maria ?
what country speaks chinese in the central time zone ?
what is the practice facility for the franchise that won the 1957 nba finals ?
what french speaking country that uses the currency switzerland franc ?
who held his govermental position from earliest and was the senator of connecticut in 2010 ?
what countries was the vietnam war in in the indochina time zone ?
the bride with white hair was filmed in the country speaking what primary language ?
joyce johnson is grad student of educational institutions from where ?
what country is a major trading partner of germanew york and appointed abdelaziz bouteflika to a governmental position ?
what time zone is the area with a capital named pierre ?
what is the timezone in the states whose capital is baton rouge ?
where did the cuban cuban missile crisis happen in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
the nation where salzburg is located utilizes which languages for communication ?
who fought in the gulf war in 1991 and contains the najaf governorate ?
what country 's capital is baghdad and the people speak arabic language ?
the country that uses the sweden0 has what type of government ?
the country that has the national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady has what kind of government ?
where was the first location of proclarity headquarters ?
what is the spoken language in the country with urdu language0 as its national anthem ?
what is the type of government of the country whose capital is nassau ?
what speaking languages are used in the country that has argentina national anthem ?
north korean won is the type of currency utilized in the country that has what type of government ?
what country 's national anthem is soomaaliyeey toosoo ?
when was the last pennant won by the team with the fight song `` meet the new york mets '' ?
the virgin birth of jesus is a belief in which religion that is practiced in australia ?
who is the state senator in the us state where helena is located ?
what film with a character named randall flagg did shawnee smith play in ?
which of the 9 justices of the supreme court revealed in 2011 that they have diabetes mellitus ?
where did the architect that designed robert hooke2 get his education ?
what form of government is used in the county with national anthem hatikvah ?
what type of money is used in the country that tabasco is located in ?
what type of government does the country with kaesong have ?
where is the country that contains corfu located ?
the country that has the national anthem north korea0 have has what political system ?
what forms or art were doen by the artist who was afflicated with sydenham 's chorea ?
what are the official language of the country with san pedro de macorís province ?
where are the galápagos islandss located relative to the utcâ05:00 time zone ?
what did the house of habsburg control , where the capital is bratislava ?
c. david cush is part of the organization that uses what type of aircraft ?
team owner james l. dolan 's sports team is coached by whom ?
the team with the mascot named rise plays where ?
what is the currency used in the country with capital santo domingo ?
where is the country that has puntland located in ?
what is the mascot of the team that won the 2010 world series ?
what east africa time zone '' -u zone country does south africa export to ?
the country that contains pernambuco uses what type of money ?
which location did the house of habsburg family control , where the currency was utilized in the country is the euro ?
what type of guitar did the artist who at one point resided in stinson beach play ?
what country has german as its official language and uses the swiss franc as its currency ?
where did the singer who starred in the rihanna : live in concert tour originate ?
what timezone is used in the us state whose capital is santa fe ?
who influenced the individual who obtained education at colegio alemán alexander von humboldt ?
what religion practiced by madonna has a religious text book named book of nehemiah ?
what is the spoken language used in the country that has national anthem swiss psalm ?
jeppesen systems inc organization is from where ?
what catholicism0 does the religion who believes in the virgin birth of jesus believe in ?
what currency should be taken to the country whose national anthem is called the thai national anthem ?
during which mlb season the the team that uses the fight song meet the new york mets win the mlb world series ?
the country which includes al sharqia governorate has what type of government ?
where is perpignan located , and is the place where they use the euro as currency ?
which super bowl is the most recent one won by the team whose fight song is i 'm shipping up to boston ?
which continent is the location , that appointed bashar al-assad to a governmental position , located at ?
where with the b.u . exposure newspaper did dr. martin luther king , jr. jr. go to school ?
where does danny ainge live in the eastern time zone ?
the athletic team owned by james d. stern has who as its coach ?
the country that has the national anthem lupang hinirang uses what type of money ?
what major landforms are in the country with peninsula0 ?
who are the coaches of the team whose mascot is fredbird ?
what is the money called in in the place where the show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed ?
where is the location of the college who has a grad student named alice levine ?
who served as vice president under the president who was suffering from addison 's disease disease when he died ?
what southern african country shares the same time zone with those in west africa ?
which country with religious leader cornelius has adopted the euro as its currency ( 1 point ) ?
which countries have spanish as their main language and the time zone is utc−05:00:00 ?
what type of currency is used in the country with national anthem nobel patria , tu hermosa bandera ?
what 1974 stanley cup finals championship winning sports team won the 2010 stanley cup ?
what currency is used in the country that has laamu atoll ?
where did flemish people come from that contains goiã¡s ?
what place is the university that is home to the currenly top 25 auburn tigers men 's basketball team ?
who coached the team that won none6 championship ?
what baseball team with a mascot named lou seal , did deion sanders play ?
which stadium is home to the team that won the 1995 world series ?
what colors are used by the sports team that is owned by new york giants0 ?
what insturments were used by the artist who headed the none0 ?
what currency is used in the country that uses cuban peso ?
what does the country where herat province is mainly import and export ?
who was engaged to the celebroty who is an alumni if modesto 'd roosevelt junior high school ?
where is the galápagos islandss located on a world map , where the country that includes the location of azuay ?
which counties use the euro as currency and were home ot the flemish people ?
the team that won the 1934 stanley cup finals played where ?
which of michael jackson 's siblings had a tour named the velvet rope tour ?
what italian-speaking country is where the tv show porque el amor manda was filmed ?
with which country does mexico do trade and has a location where jorge sampaio was called to a governmental post ?
what type of currency is used in the country with national anthem of guatemala ?
where did the cuban missile crisis occur that contains the la habana province ?
the nation with valiant quisqueyans as its national anthem used what form of currency ?
in what country is the capital of umgungundlovu ?
where is the nfl team owned by dwight schar from ?
what is the country with phnom penh as its capital ?
what state has tallahassee as its capital and contains port st. lucie ?
who is the current prime minister '' -g of the country that has dire dawa ?
if someone follows the religion that worships the antai-ji gods , where are places or worship that htey may attend ?
what religion in argentina has a notable figure named david ?
in what years has the sports team whose mascot is named rally won the world series ?
what sports team owned by mark cuban did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
what type of business does nestlé2 own ?
what country do turkish people come from and uses the cfp franc as its currency ?
where do the 2006 mls champions play ?
what area that uses the danish krone did turkish people originate from ?
what professional athlete who dated kim kardashian began their career most recently ?
what language is used in the country with national anthem boå¾e pravde ?
what is the birthplace of the person that used to live in marin city ?
what are the sacred texts of the religion that venerates varanasi as a holy place ?
what god is worship by the religion that follows sunnah text ?
what language is spoken in the country that has the national anthem lofsã¶ngur ?
what is the modern day capital of the location which appointed to governmental position anwar sadat ?
the nation whose national anthem is argentina national anthem uses what language for communication ?
what are the primary imports and exports of the nation in which the afghan afghani is used as money ?
what is the capital city of the country with bilady , bilady , bilady as its national anthem ?
the tv show falling skies was filmed wheere that bradley walsh lives ?
what is the mascot of the tulane university green wave men 's basketball team ?
who is the current leader of the nation where you 'd find santiago de cuba province ?
the team that won the 2013 nba finals championship won championships in what years ?
people from the country that has the national anthem sa'idi arabic0 speak what languages ?
what is the timezone in bimini 's location ?
which language is spoken , in the country that includes the southern peninsula ?
what type of currency is used in the country with national anthem himno nacional mexicano ?
what is the type of government in the nation whose national anthem is arise , o compratriots ?
what players on the boston celtics current roster began playing professionally after none6 ?
what location appointed vã¡clav klaus to govermental position and is where german is spoken ?
what form of government does the county with cuba0 as its national anthem have ?
what years did team owner bill neukom 's sports team win the world series ?
what nation where the real adjusted value of the gdp was smallest is the birthplace of nina dobrev ?
the country that uses the currency cuban cuban convertible peso has what kind of government ?
what did the architect who designed edison 's black maria invent ?
what 's the most recent event in which the sports team that won the championship in super bowl vi has won the super bowl ?
the nation that has pernambuco within its borders uses which language for verbal communication ?
what religion with notable religious figure named eve does george soros believe in ?
what religion in canada believes in the virgin birth of jesus ?
what is the langauge used where the national anthem is `` there is a lovely country '' ?
what nfl team starring doug williams also won the super bowl xxxvii championship ?
what things did the person who designed edgar thomson steel works ?
what catholicism0 translations are followed by worshipers in the santa cecilia in trastevere church ?
what team that won the 2007 world series sports championship had manny ramirez on its roster ?
what team owned by bill kenwright did tim howard play for ?
who taught the illustrator of the book `` de divina proportione '' ?
where does the sports team owned by bill neukom play ?
what was the last championship won by the 2004 nba champions ?
what team was jim harbaugh on that is owned by virginia halas mccaskey ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the cuban peso is the currency ?
what form of government is used in the country that has haifa district ?
what was the cause of death for the person whose educational institution was st. francis xavier 's college ?
where is the headquarters of the jeppesen systems inc ?
what are titles of the god worshipped in the religion that has the quran as text ?
the country that contains saint ann parish uses what type of currency ?
where is the child company of boeing canada operations ltd. ?
what country owned by britain and has the capital belfast ?
what was the first championship won by the team who won the 1996 nba finals ?
the people from the location that appointed the national people 's congress to governmental position speak what language ?
which state in new england 's capital is concord ?
who last held his governmental position and is now ruling north korea ?
who owns the football team that has the fight song `` stellers polka '' ?
what is the state where the university with a grad student who goes by the name nicholas kehoe founded ?
what country with a capital of kathmandu is one of china 's trading partners ?
the national anthem negaraku uses what coins ?
in what year did the team whose mascot is named mr. met when their first world series ?
who did the cleveland cavaliers draft that started his career the latest ?
what country in the united kingdom has cardiff as its capital ?
what time zone is in the country that uses swedish krona ?
what company did the person who educated at none4 work for ?
who did michael oher play for in 2009 that won the super bowl xxxv championship ?
what year was the world series won by the team with a mascot named boston red sox0 ?
the nation whose national anthem is god defend new zealand has who as its none0 ?
what are spoken languages in the country with canton of jura ?
which continent is home to the country that contains the kayanza province ?
in which country is arabic language the official language and saudi arabia riyal the official currency ?
which of the 4 countries of the united kingdom contains the down district council ?
what is there to do in nashville , tn in the central time zone ?
who fought in the gulf war that has a capital of buenos aires ?
who wore the # 22 jersey on the championship team in super bowl viii ?
what turkish speaking country that is in central european time zone ?
what country 's currency is the lebanese pound and arabic language is the official language ?
what country with kabul as its capital did osama bin laden live in ?
what continent is the country that uses hong kong dollar located in ?
which film includes maida as a character and was directed by angelina jolie ?
when was the last time the champion of the super bowl vi win the superbowl ?
the country that contains tabasco uses what type of currency ?
what major german trading partner is in the country where korã§ã « district is located ?
which language is spoken in the country with the national anthem nokor reach ?
what empire did maria theresa rule that contains pest county ?
in what years did sports team owner boston red sox2 win the world series ?
what language is spoken in the country that southern leyte is located ?
where is the nfl team that won the super bowl xxii championship from ?
who is the current illinois senator that held his position the latest ?
which nation has a capital of naypyidaw and was the original home of burmese cats ?
during 2012 , who was the president of the country that signs the national anthem titled salve , oh patria ?
what country using the cfp franc were we fighting in the gulf war ?
what sports team with the fight song fly , eagles fly did john madden play football for ?
which type currency does the country that includes the location of kiev , utilize ?
what was the first cartoon called in the organization christine m mccarthy 's a part of ?
who is the vancouver canucks ' coach that started his career after 1982 ?
what northern african country where the temple of karnak was built also has the capital city of cairo ?
what spoken languages are used in the country that uses thailand6 ?
where 's the french alps located , where the currency utilized in the country is the cfp franc ?
what country bordering china that uses afghan afghani ?
what country is the down district council located in that is a part of the united kingdom ?
the country that has the national anthem named march on , bahamaland is in what time zone ?
the artist who had a concert tour named history world tour was influenced by whom ?
who played the aladdin2 of character magic carpet in the film ?
what nation was under the rule of queen elizabeth ii and has the bahamian dollar as its unit of currency ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 2007 , and held his governmental position after january 03 , 1983 ?
what spoken language is used in the country that uses ghanaian ghanaian cedi as its currency ?
what form of government is used in the nation that utilizes the mexican peso as currency ?
when did mascot hooper 's sports team last with the championship ?
the country of north korea has what type of government system ?
who was sworn in when the president with addison 's disease was assassinated ?
what are some inventions credited to the architect who designed thomas edison4 ?
prague is the capital of what former czech republicslovakia country ?
the location that appointed vladimir putin to govermental position imports from where ?
what year did the super bowl viii champions win ?
who won presidential race in the country with national anthem gloria al bravo pueblo ?
what is the name of the brother of the artist nominated for justin bieber0 ?
the nation which has the sinai peninsula6 also contains which major landforms ?
where did jackie robinson attend school , where the educational institution with the mascot of a lancer ?
what kind of guitars were played by the person who once lived in forest knolls , marin country , california ?
in which country , includes the pernambuco time zone ?
what is the type of political system where ardabil province is ?
what time zone is the state where bob lanier has been appointed to a governmental position ?
what airport in the central time zone is close to downtown houston ?
what college did president barack obama attend that publishes harvard law school record ?
what mountain time zone '' -u locatino has fun things to do in denver , colorado ?
what country uses the mexican peso and trades with portugal ?
what country uses arabic language and has the lebanese pound as the currency ?
what currency is used in the country with maputo province ?
who was elected the president of the gloria macapagal-arroyo3 , which held his governmental position after december 30,1965 ?
the country that contains agusan del sur contains what type of government ?
what are some fun things to do at the zoo in san diego that just opened ?
what is the country that has an airport that serves kleve ( district ) and that uses the euro as its principle currency ?
the country with the national anthem la congolaise has what type of currency ?
what religion does the artist with sticky & sweet tour follow ?
what religion with religious organization named order of saint benedict does madonna practice ?
annaba province is in the country with which trading partner of germany ?
what is the religion that uses the pyay holy book ?
what countries is home to the city where the 1984 winter olympics occured ?
what team that jim harbaugh played for that won the 1993 nfl championship game ?
who is the current leader of the country that uses the syrian pound ?
what do the people at the location , that appointed vã¡clav klaus to a governmental position speak ?
the person who once lived in aleppo township is in what ?
who was the 2013 coach of the team whose mascot is sir purr ?
what deities do the islamic people following the religion with muhammad in islam pray to ?
which us state has carson city as its capital and is also where roswell area 51 can be found ?
what south american country closer to the north america '' -u continent uses the mexican peso as domestic trading currency ?
what portuguese-speaking country has wine regions that produces lancers wine style ?
who is the supreme court of the united states who has diabetes mellitus ?
when did the team whose mascot is named homer win the world series ?
where did the architect who designed poplar forest die ?
what country whose capital is belfast is part of the united kingdom ?
what country whose capital is baghdad fought in the 1991 gulf war ?
what form of currency is used in the place where the czech republic6 is used ?
who fought in the battle of gettysburg with montgomery as its capital ?
what type of currency is used in the country that has national anthem valliant quisqueyans ?
who held his governmental position from november 6 , 1962 and was jfk 's family ?
what state is the educational institution with the mascot of the kaplan university owl located ?
what form of currency is used if you are in the lopburi province of a country ?
what kind of money is used in the nation where mendoza province is located ?
what person with the notable condition prostate cancer did george w. bush run against for the second term ?
with country that has the society of jesus '' -g fought in the gulf war ?
who held his governmental position from january 7 , 2013 and won utah attorney general ?
people from the country that contains wellington region speak what languages ?
who is the romantic partner of the person who attended dartmouth elementary school ?
what us state has the capital of phoenix and is where the navajo indians live ?
which american league baseball team has a team mascot named slider ?
what country has the temple of karnak and mohamed morsi as a government official ?
the team that won the 2009 nba finals championship had who as coach ?
in what central africa location do they speak afrikaans language ?
what language is spoken in the south american country where the guyanese dollar is dirculated ?
what spoken language is used in the country with national anthem scotland the brave ?
what school uses a mascot riptide the pelican and had ellie dylan as a grad student ?
where on the map would you find the country in which the panamanian balboa is used for money ?
what educational institution with mascot named maroon did dr. martin luther king , jr. jr. go to ?
what are some exports that would be done out of the fruit and tree nut farming industry ?
whom do the people who practice the sharia religion follow ?
what type of money is used where new providence is located ?
what country bordering the great lakes uses the local time zone called newfoundland time zone ?
what continent is the country with michoacã¡n located in ?
if i am traveling to national capital santo domingo , what money should i bring to spend ?
what is the capital of the place that appointed anwar sadat to a governmental position ?
what superbowl was won by the team with the fight song `` pittsburgh steelers0 '' ?
where on the map would you find the location of the educational institution that had a grad student named king dunlap enrolled ?
what team had a mascot named lucky the leprechaun and played in the 2010 nba finals ?
what type of currency is used where rio de janerio is ?
pernambuco is part of the country using what type of currency ?
who was the 2012 president of the country whose capital is san jose ?
who were the coaches of the team that won the st. louis cardinals8 ?
what religion are the people who use the quran ?
the country that contains deir ez-zor has which leader now ?
what part of the world is the country with the government official thabo mbeki lcoated in ?
what country with kabul as a capital does the united kingdom import from ?
what other years did the champion of the 2010 world series win the world series ?
what type of currency is used in the country with national anthem noble patria , tu hermosa bandera ?
william dewitt , jr. is the team owner of the sports team with which manager ?
a person who once lived in the kingdom of württemberg would have once accomplished what ?
which colorado representative held their governmental position since 2009-01-03 ?
the artist who 's concert was titled history world tour went to what school ?
what form of government is used in the country with national anthem arise , o compatriots ?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow ?
what major polish religion has religious organization named order of saint benedict ?
what is the currency in the country with the anthem argentine national anthem ?
the location that appointed nicolas sarkozy to governmental position has which president ?
when was the last super bowl won by the team owned by steve bisciotti ?
what super bowl did the team win whose fight song is `` seven nation army '' ?
what country in north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) has sofia as its capital ?
which germany has a capital city named bonn ?
what language is commonly spoken in the country whose national anthem is qaumi taranah ?
what religion with notable figure named athanasius of alexandria did adolf hitler follow ?
what city and country is the location of the university that had emily cummins as a grad student ?
who portrays jumanji in the film that has a character called none0 in it ?
what movie with film character named april rhodes has chris colfer been in ?
where in the eastern time zonezone did charlton heston live ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to govermental position has what form of government in existence ?
what team with mascot named cincinnati bengals did terrell owens play for in 2010 ?
who invented the sharia religion ?
what states does the mississippi river past through in the mississippi river0 ?
who was the soviet union leader during world war ii that held his governmental position from the earliest ?
the country that uses the paraguayan guaranã­ currency has which two official languages ?
the team that won the super bowl xi championship moved from where ?
what dialects are used in the nation in which you 'd find egypt4 ?
which team with a mascot called rally monkey had albert pujols on the roster in 2012 ?
the location that appointed john lynch to govermental position makes up what place in new england ?
what country has palace of knossoc and capital city athens ?
what eastern european country calls pristina city its capital ?
the country that contains saint ann parish accepts what type of currency ?
what religious text was used by the sharia0 belief system ?
what geographic region is the company that uses the czech koruna located in ?
the team that won super bowl xxxiv plays where ?
the country that has the national anthem lupang hinirang uses what kind of money ?
what position was held from march 19 , 1790 by james k. polk before he was president ?
which super bowl was the last one to be won by the team with pittsburgh steelers as a mascot ?
which institution has a team named pennsylvania state universityate nittany lions baskeball ?
of which art movement was the illustrator of the book `` de mã©moire d'homme : poã¨me '' a part ?
where did the person live in 2012 who attended education institution catherine , duchess of cambridge2 ?
what city is the college where dorothy leland is a grad student in ?
what currency does the country that has the valiant quisqueyans national anthem use ?
what is there to do in miami , florida in the eastern time zone ?
what are some of the best places to vacation in the nation whose anthem is `` valiant quisqueyans '' ?
who owned the team with pittsburgh steelers as its mascot ?
what team with head coach rick carlisle did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
the people from the location who appointed the national people 's congress to govermental position speak what language ?
what are the basic beliefs of the religions who worships in islam8 ?
who coached the sports franchise that had the fight song `` pittsburgh steelers polka '' during the year 2005 ?
what country with lowest consumer price index did nina dobrev came from ?
what type of music was played by the illustrator of `` in his own write '' ?
what types of religion are practiced in the us state whose capital city is massachusetts4 ?
where do the people whose religious belief is god in islam go to worship ?
the country that has the national anthem gloria al bravo pueblo plays what major sports ?
what country bordering armenia tha thas adana province ?
the 1974 stanley cup finals championship winners also won the cup in what years ?
what is the time zone in the location where honolulu county is the capital ?
what spoken languages are used in the country that has peru2 ?
what spoken language is used in the country that has rio de janeiro ?
which are the major exports of the coffee and tea manufacturing import and export ?
who plays lois lane in the movie that has a character named ben hubbard ?
what type of products offered by nike , inc. international ltd ?
what languages are used in the country that appointed anwar sadat to the government position ?
in the film that has a character named hot oss agent , who played juni ?
what middle eastern country speaking arabic language uses the saudi arabia riyal as currency ?
which are the most popular religions in the country , qhixh has the national anthem of hatikvah ?
what is the religious belief of god in islam ?
what team had a mascot named tommy hawk and played in the 2010 stanley cup ?
what euro country has the wine regions that produce lancers wine ?
what language is used by the society of jesus '' -g ? what ?
what was the last championship won by the team coached by tom thiboeau ?
where is louisville and the location that appointed mike johanns to a governmental position ?
what form of government does the country with national anthem nigeria , we hail thee have ?
what currency is used in the country that has thiã¨s region ?
what team did jim harbaugh play for that has a mascot named staley da bear ?
who was the last person in government to hold a position that was a part of the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ?
the location that appointed macky sall to governmental position uses what type of currency ?
what is the country that the gulf war took place and the capital city is baghdad ?
what country bordering china that has bishkek as its capital ?
which of the sights to see in madrid , where the structure construction started , after 1558 ?
what italian-speaking country around the world has a religious organization named eastern catholic churches ?
the child organization verizon communications network integration , inc. used to be part of what company ?
who created the organization that is led by chad hurley ?
who rules the country that contains copenhagen right now ?
who is the current leader of the country that nicolas sarkozy held a government position in 2010 ?
the florida team that won the 2003 world series championship played where ?
the mascot carlton the bear is owned by what team ?
what do the people in the country that includes phuthi language2 speak ?
what colors does the team who won super bowl xlii use ?
what religion with types of worship places named chapels does madonna practice ?
what language is spoken in the country where ankara is the capital ?
where is the school with the crimson white newspaper located ?
which nation whose national anthem is pontifical anthem is this nation located in ?
what structure that was built on 9-18-1893 did kennedy 's inaugural address take place in ?
nestlé6 owns what child organizations ?
for what team with the fight song skol , vikings did hank baskett play in november 2010 ?
what team with mascot named captain fear did doug williams play for ?
what is the zoo that opened earliest in houston ?
what is the time zone of the country with the arise , o compatriots national anthem ?
what state that appointed dale bumpers to governmental position does the mississippi river pass through ?
where is the country that has kyrenia district located ?
which person who was taught at ramble elementary later became vice president ?
what division is team owner mike brown 's sports team ?
which country with the capital of kathmandu is mount everest found ?
which nation that is located in the eastern time zone uses arabic language for verbal communication ?
who was the person dating who went to education institution none0 ?
which us state with jackson as its capital did tennessee williams live in ?
where did theodore lesieg go to school with a sports team named the university of oxfordniversity rfc ?
what country that contains tyrol do they speak turkish ?
what player started his career last and is on the boston celtics ' current roster ?
what languages are spoken in the country with azad kashmir ?
what museum established earliest is charlotte , north carolina known for ?
what is the capital city of hte country that has kwazulu-natal ?
people from the country that has the national anthem l-innu malti speak what language ?
what is the time zone of the country with brazillia as its capital ?
what location has a capital city named toronto ?
what currency is used in the country that is home to rio de janerio ?
where is the country located that antonis samaras holds a government position ?
what is the name of the airport in the city that hosted 1900 summer olympics ?
what team did manny ramirez played for that won the 2007 world series ?
which person holds the presidency of the nation where magallanes y la antartica chilena region 2011 were located ?
the country with the national anthem jamaica , land we love has what dominant language ?
which currency is utilized in the country that has the national anthem of swiss psalm ?
what university was attended by the most famous alumni to come from none0 ?
what languages do people frmo the country with the national anthem himni i flamurit speak ?
what are the holiday of the religion with sharia belief ?
what is the currency utilized in the nation that uses la bayamesa as its national anthem ?
what european union country did maria theresa rule also contains pã©cs ?
what countries border the location with sviatoslav shevchuk religious leader ?
where is puerto galera , oriental mindoro located that appointed warren g. harding to a governmental position ?
which zoo which opened the latest is a good place to hang out in chicago ?
what type of government is in the country where bahamian dollar is used ?
who is the coach of the team owned by jerry richardson ?
people from the country that contains egypt8 speak what languages ?
what languages are spoken in the country with al sharqua governorate ?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem valiant quisqueyans ?
what was the type of government where anwar sadat is in a government position ?
a person from george r. smith college would play what ?
what winner of the 2007 nobel peace prize began his governmental job earliest ?
the location that appointed the president to a governmental position uses what type of money ?
what religion has a synagogue as a place of worship and is what george soros believes ?
who were the brothers and sisters of the artist who had the this is it tour ?
who won the 2010 governor in the state whose capital is hartford ?
which person served as the president of the nation where azuay is located in 2012 ?
what country does portugal trade with that appointed abdullah ii to a governmental position ?
where with educational institution newspaper the johns hopkins news-letter did woodrow wilson go to school ?
the country that has the national anthem the internationale has what type of government ?
which zoo is located in chicago , illinois and opened after 1930-05-30 ?
the team won the 1992 nba finals championship has who as the current coach ?
what religion with text named shulchan aruch does george soros believe in ?
what are the governmental systems called in the country where nigerian nigerian naira is the official currency ?
what currency is used in the country with michoacã¡n ?
what country in european time zone did uefa euro 2012 take place ?
where is portuguese spoken where the location appointed josã© josé manuel barroso to a governmental position ?
what religion was followed the country with the currency ottoman empire2 ?
which team owned by arte moreno did albert pujols play for ?
what languages are used in the country with canton of jura ?
where in the western european time zone '' -u zone is arabic language the official language ?
what type of art made by the artist who once lived at 1342 lexington ave ?
where does the famous person who went to bradley walsh0 live ?
with team owner jerry buss , where did matt barnes play ?
who is the current ohio state senator that held the position the latest ?
chrysler group llc canada is an organization owned by whom in 2012 ?
what zoo near bangkok that was opened after 1940 ?
what country borders south africa in the south africa time zone ?
what continent contains the country that has yerevan ?
what form of government does the country that uses afghan afghani as its currency ?
what country that uses the cfp franc did flemish people come from ?
what country with the capital called mthatha speaks afrikaans language ?
what system of government is used in the country whose national anthem is allahu akbar ?
the team won the 1945 stanley cup finals championship is owned by whom ?
who is the ruler of the country with the capital north korea0 ?
what language do most people speak in the country with national anthem nigeria , we hail thee ?
what religion in russia that followers attend mosque ?
which school was attended by the artist who headlined a concert tour called this is it ?
with places of worship including chapels , which was mary todd lincoln 's religion ?
who is the architect influenced by baron de montesquie who designed the rotunda ?
what team with mascot named the suns gorilla did charles barkley play for ?
the team that won the 2003 world series championship is from where ?
what state with capital named concord do the appalachian mountains run through ?
what is the currency of the country with the national anthem called swiss psalm ?
what languages are used in the country that has the pakistani rupee as its currency ?
when did the team whose mascot is named boston red sox0 win the pennant ?
what what european union country bordering england calls cardiff its capital city ?
which team with a mascot that is known as poe had jim harbaugh as a player ?
the country that contains deir ez-zor is located in what continent ?
where does the team with mascot named poe play ?
who held his governmental position earliest and is a utah senator ?
which sports team , does the country that has the national anthem of as-salam al-malaki al-urduni , own ?
what currency is used in the country with national anthem as-salem al-amiri ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 that held his governmental position after april 27 , 2000 ?
when is the most recent time the sports team whose fight song is `` renegade '' won a super bowl ?
who is the senator of utah that held his position the latest ?
where did barack obama attend to his education , that has a sports team named columbia lions men 's basketball ?
what eduction institution with sports team named university of oxfordniversity ice hockey club did theodore lesieg attend ?
what other illnesses did the famous person with malaria have ?
the team with the mascot the oriole bird played in the world series in what years ?
which languages are used for communication in the nation whose national anthem is swiss psalm > ?
the country that uses the renminbi currency has what type of government ?
in which city are the headquarters of business lenders llc located ?
where is the team 's stadium that won the super bowl xxxiii championship located ?
the country with the capital of santo domingo uses what kind of currency ?
what year did the team owned by john c. malone win the world series ?
the red sea governorate is located in the nation that speaks which language ?
what movies directed by j.j. abrams are films featuring the character uhura ?
what is the type of government in the country with the lupang hinirang national anthem ?
david walters was appointed to governmental position in a state in what time zone ?
what is the official monetary unit in the geographic region in which nicolas sarkozy was appointed to a governmental position ?
who won attorney general in the sate with salt lake city capital ?
where is the headquarters of harvard board of overseers ?
where is the headquarters for the organization led by joe l. price ?
where are the great pyramid of gizas of giza and cairo both located ?
what 's the currency used , in the country where the united arab emirates dirham is located ?
what form of government is used in the country with kaesong ?
what country has the great pyramid of giza and capital city cairo ?
what type of food does the artist of `` history world tour '' like ?
what basketball team did shaquille o'neal play for that won the 2008 nba finals championship ?
where is the car of the organization led by hyoung-keun lee from ?
what german speaking country that has tyrol in it ?
what country has cairo and temple of karnak ?
what type of currency is used in the country whose national anthem is `` afghan national anthem '' ?
where is the school with the wayne state college wild cat mascot 's location ?
where did barack obama go to school where the team was called the columbia lions ?
what type of religion is in thailand and includes stupa as a place of worship ?
what nfl sports team owned by zygi wilf starred hank baskett in 2010 ?
who is the baltimore ravens quarterback in 2012 , and is the player that began his career after trent dilfer0 ?
who was coaching the nfl franchise the won super bowl xli ?
which system of government is used in the country , that includes the south hwanghae province ?
who owns the team that won the 2010 world series championship ?
for what was a notable personage who learned at the school willem ii college most famous ?
who is the actor that played roxanne in the film that has the character named teenager in carnival ?
which schools did barack obama attend , where the educational institution has a sports team called the columbia lions men 's basketball team ?
what school did the person who went to cercle artã­stic de sant lluc attend ?
what years did the sports team with the fight song pittsburgh steelers0 win the superbowl ?
what country that uses that uses the argentina peso has spanish as their main language ?
from where did the artist of the last girl on earth tour originate ?
what kind of political system is used in the political division where the country 's anthem is `` nigeria , we hail thee '' ?
the person who died on the cross and once lived in capernaum afterwards was from where ?
kevin mchale is head coach for the basketball team with which mascot ?
where is the location that appointed georges pompidou to govermental position and also where the flemish live ?
where did anne frank live before the war in the central european time zone ?
which country whose religious leadership is the society of jesus '' -g fought in the 1991 gulf war ?
what is the capital city of the country that has national anthem of south africa ?
the al sharqia governorate is part of the country using what currency ?
who is the owner of the team with mascot named crazy crab ?
what educational institution with the dartmouth college newspaper did robert frost go to ?
who did george w. bush run against for the second term , that held his governmental position from 2013-02-01 ?
beiging is the capital of what country in the vietnam war ?
who 's the current leader of the country , where the cuban cuban convertible peso is currently utilized ?
which currency is utilized in the country , that includes the location of buenos aires ?
what is the capital of the country where el seibo province is located ?
which countries and seas border the ukraine , which is the location that appointed vladimir putin to a governmental position ?
what is there to see and do at the location where la impostor was filmed ?
what country containing federal district did flemish people come from ?
which type of money , does the country that has the national anthem : bilady , bilady , bilady have ?
the team with the mascot tommy hawk has what head coach ?
what is the official currency of the country with the capital city of brazilia ?
in the film with a character named none0 , who played lois ?
who held his governmental position the latest and won the 2007 nobel peace prize ?
what inventions are credited to the person who illustrated the volume ornithopter2 ?
what countries were involved in the vietnam war in the korea time zone ?
what is the language where anwar sadat holds a government position ?
what flag represents the country containing the brong-ahafo region ?
what country in the united kingdom contains the down district council ?
how many languages are used where `` lupang hinirang '' is the national anthem ?
the person at wright-humason school for the deaf has what disease ?
what currency is used in the country with kronoberg county ?
if a person was to travel to the country capital sri jayawardenepura kotte , what form of currency should they bring ?
what is the religion in the area where krasnodar krai is ?
what attraction are available to be seen at the city where miami8 was filmed ?
what are the team colors of the team that one super bowl vi ?
with the currency colã³n in the country costa rica , what languages do they talk in ?
what is the old name of the team with the mascot named bernie brewer ?
where in the pacific time zone is mission san buenaventura located ?
the nation in which the chilean peso is the main means of currency has what forms of government ?
what currency is used in the country with capital dakar ?
name the last time the team with the mascot named miles won the super bowl . ?
where was the vietnam war located where the country has a capital of phnom penh ?
who plays the character cherlie in the elf movies with the character named larry ?
which two georgia state senators held their position from or after january 3 , 1995 ?
what country speaks chinese and uses the renminbi as its currency ?
in which division does the athletic team owned by jim irsay play in ?
what utc−05:00:00 time zone location does allen iverson live in now ?
what state is the organization led by steven knapp in ?
who are the coaches of team mascot none4 's sports team ?
what is the timezone in the country that uses the swedish krona ?
in the nation which has a capital of doha , what type of currency is used ?
who owns the football team whose mascot is pat patriot ?
what country did bernard madoff live in that has capital paris ?
who was the president in 2011 of the country that has santo domingo as its capital ?
the country that has the national anthem in plenty and in time of need uses what currency ?
what form of government is practiced in the location where the tv program `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed ?
what state with a capital named jackson was where the siege of vicksburg was located ?
what god is worshipped by the people who worship at yavuz sultan selim mosque ?
whaat states is home to the university that is known for the george washington colonials men 's basketball team ?
who influenced abraham lincoln to become the president that held his government position from 3-3-1823 ?
the country using the currency renminbi has what kind of political structure ?
what are the spoken languages in the country with basel-stadt ?
where did the artist grow up who had a concert tour named sticky & sweet tour ?
where is arabic language spoken where the capital is called damascus ?
what state is the headquarters of the organization led by steven knapp ?
in the us state where phoenix is the capital , what time zone is used ?
what kind of money is used in the country containing the mae hong son province ?
what country with the capital of buenos aires fought in the 1991 gulf war ?
what language do they speak in the location that appointed anwar sadat to a governmental position ?
where is the college with alabama crimson tide softball team located ?
what team won the 2009 nba finals championship did shaquille o'neal play for ?
the nation where lopburi province is located utilizes which type of currency ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has iraq8 ?
which currency is used in the country that includes the location , pernambuco ?
which religion is observed by the person who studied at west junior high ?
who is the manager of the 1946 world series champions ?
what currency is used in the country with komã¡rom-esztergom county ?
what film with character named sarah marshall has mario lopez been in ?
which country with euro as the currency has cornelius as a religious leader ?
what is the corporate headquarters of the company that is led by wayne lapierre located ?
what educational institution with the oxford student newspaper did robert hooke get his education ?
what language is used in the country that has southern region , iceland ?
what state is partially located in the mountain time zone '' -u and has a city called louisville ?
which men have been head coach for the football organization whose team mascot goes by the moniker none0 ?
who is the daughter of the the famous person who was an alumni of bell education trust ?
what is the belief of the religion that uses the sunnah ?
the sports team named air force falcons men 's basketball is from an educational institution in what city ?
what greenwich mean time zone school did theodore lesieg go to ?
where is the country that includes the shirak province ?
who invented the religion whose text is the quran ?
people from the country that contains mopti region people speak what languages ?
what languages are spoken in the country with ankara as its capital ?
where is the country located that contains nicosia district ?
who held his governmental position last and won the presidential race in venezuela ?
the the country that contains kaduna state has what type of government ?
what movies did the actor who went to chris farley8 star in ?
who sang in pink floyd that has asperger syndrome ?
what are the colors of mascot pittsburgh steelers 's team ?
what was the first world series won by the team owned by fred wilpon ?
which money system is used by the location where the wine regions that produce retsina wine style ?
what state has a capital named columbia ?
where is the location of the school with the crimson white newspaper ?
what team won the 1980 nba finals championship did lamar odom play for ?
the country with the capital pyongyang has what form of government ?
team owner jim irsay last won which super bowl ?
what is there to do in the country that appointed hong kong8 to a government position ?
who was the manager of the 1931 world series champions ?
where is arabic language spoken where the currency is the saudi arabia riyal ?
cairo is capital of what country where the temaple of karnak was built ?
of the tourist attractions that are in houston , texas , which one 's a zoo that opened on , or after september of 1922 ?
the country that has the national anthem tiáº¿n quã¢n ca has what type of government ?
what high school with the mascot whitney m. young magnet high school dolphin did michelle obama graduate from ?
which political systems are used in the country where the nigerian nigerian naira is the currency ?
where was the death place of the illustrator of the book `` feu de joie '' ?
people from the country with the argentina peso as currency , speak what languages ?
which super bowl was the most recent one to be won by a franchsie owner by a member of the rooney family ?
what type of government does the country with the aegukga national anthem have ?
what is the mascot of the institution that has tra boger as a grad student ?
what college degrees did the famous person who went to neolani elementary school receive ?
what year did the sports team owned by peter angelos win the world series ?
the national anthem brabanã§onne is from the country with what capital ?
what currency is used where the national anthem is `` himno nacional mexicano '' ?
where is the mts iceplex in the central time zone ?
who inspired vincent van gogh and illustrated the book wars do n't bring lasting peace , only lasting death ?
which holidays are observed by members of the religion whose notable figure is muhammad in islam in islam ?
what are the official colors of the champion of new york giants0 ?
what new york city based show has a main character called mother abagail ?
people from the country with the currency the costa rican colon speak what langauges ?
when did stormy the mascot 's team win the cup ?
the nation whose national anthem is himno nacional mexicano has which form of government ?
what other schools were attended by the famous person who attended none0 as a child ?
who is the current head coach of the team that won the 1992 mnba finals championship ?
what gods are worshipped by the wu wei religious belief system ?
during which nfl seasons were the super bowl won by the team that uses the `` pittsburgh steelers polka '' as their victory song ?
where was mission san rafael arcángel located in the pacific time zone ?
the person who attended punahou school0 went to what middle school ?
what american city does bill richardson call home within the central time zone ?
which team owned by stuart sternberg has had manny ramirez as one of its players ?
what is the political type in the nation where vladimir putin was placed in a government post ?
what language is spoken in the country that has rio de janeiro in it ?
what college did james franco attend that publishes the university yale herald ?
who started his career in 2012 and is currently on the boston celtics roster ?
people from the country that has the national anthem brabanã§onne speak what languages ?
what religion did the person who once lived in capernaum follow ?
what country 's capital is manila and also the location of puerto galera , oriental mindoro ?
people from the country with the national anthem lupang hinirang speak what languages ?
which character in crazy , stupid , love . attended bridges academy ?
which country that borders the ukraine uses the euro ?
what three official languages are used in the country that has flanders ?
in the country that uses the bahamian dollar , what is the type of government ?
which nba seasons did the 2009 nba championships win in ?
which school with the harvard law school record newspaper did barack obama attend ?
what is the form of government in the country where the czech koruna is used as currency ?
what is the system of government in the country that contains alta verapaz department ?
when did the atlanta braves win the world series ?
what country does new zealand export to that appointed malcolm fraser to a governmental position ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has pakistan8 people ?
where do people go to worship who have the same faith as a famous person named ali ?
what religion practiced by madonna has places of worship named churches ?
what is the national capital of the country which includes the san pedro de macorã­s province ?
what are some well known inventions created by the person who wrote the book , ornithopter2 ?
what religious leader named pope francis were we fighting in the argentina1 ?
what european fifa team owned by kroenke also won the 2002 fa cup final championship ?
people from the country with the capital of brazilia speak what languages ?
what country did czech republicslovakia become that appointed vã¡clav klaus to a governmental position ?
the country that has the national anthem national anthem of saudi arabia has what type of government system ?
what bordering none0s of none1 that is in central time zone ?
what arabic language speaking country that has the capital ray ?
which university has the california pelican as its paper and was attended by jack london ?
what midwestern united statesern state is home to mike johanns ?
what southern california city within the pacific time zone does carlos santana call home ?
what was the currency used before the euro where nicolas sarkozy has a goverent position ?
what discovery did the person who lived in frombork make ?
what educational institution wtih the daily tar hell newspaper did michael jordan attend ?
what religions use the bible as sacred text and are practiced in australia ?
which continent contains the duisburg airport ?
where is the team with the mascot named hugo moving to ?
the country whose national anthem is himno nacional mexicano uses which type of monetary currency ?
which language is the official tongue of the country whose capital is located in santo domingo ?
where did hurricane irene hit where chris christie has been appointed to a governmental position ?
what school did barack obama attend that publishes columbia daily spectator ?
greenland is part of the country ruled by whom ?
which senator started their position in 1981-01-03 ad was repesenting connecticut as of 2010 ?
who is the president of the location where the show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed ?
what country does japan import from and contains the capital south tarawa ?
what state is the educational institution with the newspaper `` the gw hatchet '' in ?
what competitive club in the american league is the athletic organization that 's owned by arte moreno ?
who is the athlete with # 22 jersey on the miami dolphins team ?
the team that won the 2005 world series championship plays their home games where ?
what middle school was attended by a notable personage who once lived in the white house ?
what northern american country located within the central time zone does nina dobrev call home ?
what is the currency used where pincez tous vos koras , frappez les balafons is the national anthem ?
who are the current senators of the state that jim edgar is a government officer ?
what currency is used in the country with santo domingo as its capital ?
who played none0 in a film with a character named sachã© in it ?
what vacation country contains san pedro de macorís province ?
who was the head coach of the team owned by jim irsay ?
who were julia roberts2 to a famous person who went to julia roberts4 ?
who is the current senator of new jersey who was elected earliest ?
who illustrated the book the fish , the fighters , and the song girl that influenced vincent van gogh ?
who is the brother of the artist who went on the concert tour believe tour ?
what team did manny ramirez play for that has a masco named slider ?
what religion did james k. polk believe in and its organization is reformed presbyterianismterian church of north america ?
who plays sarah wittle in the movie that has a character named carl bentley ?
saint ann parish is located in the country that has what as its officially recognized language ?
what is the name of the portugeuse speaking country that uses the west african cfa franc ?
what school did woodrow wilson attend that publishes nassau weekly ?
which city is the capital of the state whose capital is called olympia > ?
the nation with nigeria , we hail thee as its national anthem has which form of government currently ?
what kind of currency is used where the eastern catholic churches is a religious organization leader ?
what is the official language of the country whose currency is the dominican peso ?
what years did the 1974 nba champions win the championship ?
what is the language used for communication in the nation where al sharqia governorate can be found ?
the country that contains the northern district has people that practice what religion ?
what country in the eastern time zone speaks persian language ?
where is the best place to vacation in the dominican republic where the time zone is utc−05:00:00 ?
where do the appalachian mountains run through where the currency used is the euro ?
what country uses euros in the western european time zone ?
the person who attended noelani elementary school is a member of which political party ?
what senator representing none5 in 2013 held a political job later than 3 january 2009 ?
what educational institution with the vanderbilt orbis news newspaper did cutler jay go to ?
for what sports team that won the 1955 world series championship did jackie robinson play ?
what is the main language of the country that has the national anthem `` nigeria , we hail thee '' ?
what currency does the country whose capital is santiago use ?
what is the holy book of the tibetan buddhism religion ?
which language does the country that includes the al sharqia governorate , people speak ?
where is the location of the college that has a grad student named russ craft ?
which film did chris farley appear in that has a character that goes by the name of stacy ?
what city did the artist who went on the girlie show world tour grow up in ?
who were the influences on the architect responsible for the design of herbert and katherine jacobs 's second house ?
what languages are spoken in the country which uses the brazilian real as currency ?
what sports franchises are owned by an alumni of stan kroenke4 ?
the location that appointed miloå¡ zeman to govermental position has what type of government ?
where is the galápagos islandss located , which country includes the location of the guayas ?
who role does the actor who was an alumnus of village christian school play in the fast and furious series ?
which nation does south africa border and is also where zambezia province is located ?
which countries are the places of origin of flemish people and are located in the central european time zone ?
what are the national sports in the country where san juan is the capital ?
what is the state symbol of the state where none0 is located in ?
the cyprus2 can be found in a nation where which languages are spoken ?
what place has a capital named el reno ?
who is the leader of the country that has national anthem there is a lovely country ?
the person who attended punahou school0 attended what middle school ?
what movie with the character named grandpa charles james was kat graham in ?
what team that won the super bowl xlvii championship did michael oher play for in 2009 ?
what college did sir ernest rutherford attend that publishes the newspaper the berry ?
what seas and countries border the country with the religious leader filaret ?
where did lil wayne go to school with the newspaper `` the daily cougar '' ?
what chinese speaking country that has the capital kuala lumpur ?
it the movie that has a character `` mercenary on boat '' , who plays none0 ?
what opponent of george w. bush in his second term is a personage who suffers from bell 's palsy ?
what spoken language is used in the country capital brazilia ?
what type of money is used where the national anthem is himno istemeno ?
who held his governmental position from before february 1 , 2013 and ran against george w. bush for the second term ?
people from the country with the capital pakistan0 speak what language ?
which religion has a belief called divine simplicity and was observed by the ottoman turks ?
who was the quarterback of the falcons in 2012 who started his career on/after quarterback0 ?
what spoken languages are used in the country with basel-stadt ?
where is glastonbury located in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
who is the current owner of the team whose fight song is `` pittsburgh steelers polka '' ?
which people did the person who once lived in the white house admire ?
where does barack obama live and is the location where anthony a. williams was appointed to a governmental position ?
what south western american state within the mountain time zone '' -u does bill richardson call home ?
in the film with a character named ms. cope , who played jacob black ?
where is the the country that includes the guna yala , located at ?
what clubs is sports team owned by lakshmi mittal and peter crouch played for ?
who coached the team which won the 1964 european cup final ?
who is the 2010 president of the country where el seibo province is ?
in which years did the team whose mascot is referred to as mr. met win the pennant ?
when was the last time the team with bailey as its mascot win the stanley cup ?
what is the major city in the country that has national anthem shche ne vmerla ukraine ?
which football team was the winner of the 1982 european cup final championship and includes emile heskey as a player ?
the fight song renegade is their song and the team is owned by who ?
what team won the 1975 stanley cup finals and played in the 2010 stanley cup ?
who is the judge appointed to the supreme court who has diabetes mellitus ?
from what city is the team mascot jaxson de ville 's sports team ?
what country speaks french as a first language and is in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
the artist who had the oral fixation tour is originally from where ?
what schools did a notable person who attended the educational institution none8 attend ?
what educational institution with the daily tar heel newspaper did michael jordan go to ?
what car companies are owned by the organization whose leadership includes someone named william clay ford motor company , jr. ?
what country is mouth mount everest found on that uses the renminbi as currency ?
which state 's time zone is utcâ05:00 and the mississippi river passes through it ?
people from the country that has the national anthem stand ye guamanians speak what languages ?
who are the # 1 quarterbacks for the team with the fight song miami dolphins ?
who is the head coach of the team owned by bud adams ?
what is the name of the home stadium of the team with pat patriot as its mascot ?
what language is spoken where `` jedna si jedina '' is the national anthem ?
abuja is the capital of the country with what type of government today ?
what spoken languages are used in the country with capital named ankara ?
where did the navajo tribe live whose location appointed bruce babbitt to a governmental position ?
what was the art style of the artist who lived in le le cateau-cambrésis once ?
what is the name of the mascot at the school where stuart holden is a grad student ?
what arabic language speaking country that has a capital baghdad ?
the country with the capital named brazilia uses what currency ?
what language is spoken in the country where phnom penh is located ?
people from the country that contains puno region speak what languages ?
the country that uses the nigerian nigerian naira as its main form of currency is located in which time zone ?
the country with the national anthem national anthem of saudi arabia has what government system ?
what country do flemish live has goiã¡s ?
what religion includes lumbini as a sacred place of worship and has a practicing population in thailand ?
what is the official language in the country that uses the argentina peso ?
what language is spoken in the country that contains the haifa district ?
what languages are used in the country that uses jamaican dollar ?
what country has spanish as its main language and contains the sacatepã©quez department ?
where is the country with el salvador0 as its capital located ?
what form of currency is used in the nation where the cuban cuban convertible peso is used for money ?
what form of government does the country with national anthem arise , o compatriots have ?
what kind of government does the country that imports from pakistan have ?
who won the presidential races in the country that has none0 ?
which team with the fight song `` hail to the washington redskins '' did doug williams play for ?
people from the country with the national anthem arise , o compatriots speak what language ?
where is the location of the united nations security council main headquarters ?
what architect that designed krause music store influenced frank lloyd wright ?
what city has the college with oregon ducks men 's basketball team ?
where did jackie robinson attend school , where the institution 's newspaper is called the daily bruin ?
what is the most recent world series won by the baseball club that won the 1986 world series championship ?
what educational institutions did the person who used to live in the white house attend ?
what song was performed by the person who obtained education at she 's like the wind4 ?
when was the last time did the champion of the 1908 wold series win the world series ?
what faith is practiced by the people who worship in the yavuz sultan selim mosque ?
who was the first president for the country that has dmitry medvedev as a government official ?
where did turkish people originate in the eastern european time zone ?
which nations does the nation who none6es god defend new zealand export goods to ?
what is the type of government in the nation where kaduna state is located ?
what money is used where the el seibo province is ?
what is the location that dwight d. eisenhower hails from ?
what are the styles of music performed by the individual who attended soft rock0 ?
who was the vice president for richard nixon that held his governmental position the earliest ?
what did the architect of mount vernon suffer from ?
what massachusetts religion has a sacred site named kushinagar ?
where on a globe would you find the geographic region where the country 's anthem is `` majulah singapura '' ?
what country shares borders with the one that imports from zimbabwe ?
what is the birthplace of the person that said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think . `` ?
what other languages are spoken in the country where cebuano is spoken ?
in what event that ended later than 9 january 1977 did the raiders win the super bowl ?
what politician quoted `` power grows from the barrel of a gun . '' and led the first communist party of china ?
it is about transhumanism in which matt bomer played in ; what 's the title of that movie ?
which person was born in blackmore and was known for being the son of henry viii of england ?
what type of currency is used in the country the canchim breed came from ?
what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called the parliament of south africa on ?
who 's the artist that was award nominated for the movie , billy madison ?
who was the falcons 2ent_ent_none48464012 16 who completed less than 12ent_ent_none484640 passing yards ?
to whom did the actor who played juan vallejo just get marriage ?
which type of government , does the location , where the film , `` the alchemist of happiness '' occurs , have currently ?
what movies series was reslease by distribution medium dvd and featured the actor taylor lautner ?
what movie directed by ron howard had cinematography done by piotr sobociåski ?
who became president when the author of `` profiles in courage '' was killed ?
how did the actor that played the character larry hagman0 die ?
what is the religion of the author of `` long walk to freedom '' ?
what languages are spoken in the country in which brewerkz pilsner lager beer is made ?
where does the band who performed `` justice for all '' live ?
what is the name of the art school founded after 1930 that james franco attend ?
which vice president under lincoln believed in unitarianism ?
what shows has the actor that played the charactnone4 a pup named scooby-doo0 star in ?
what language is spoken in the place where the chausie breed originated in ?
who was the man that was born in edinburgh that influenced arthur conan doyle ?
what is the state bird of the state that has john peter altgeld as the state governor ?
what movie did nick cannon play in with music by gabriel yared ?
what was filmed in new york city that kat dennings stars in ?
what sports team , founded after tyson chandler2 , did tyson chandler play for ?
what us state has the viola as a symbol and is has a geographic setting in the northeast region ?
who was the senator of connecticut in 2010 who started his/her tenure after 1989 ?
which of richard pryor 's children work as actors ?
in what part of the world is the location where the film `` the quarry '' takes place ?
what is sold by the parent company of la boulange ?
what kind of guitar does the artist who wrote `` do me a favor '' play ?
where was the first gult war fought that also exports to sudan ?
what spouse of julia roberts is an actor who played in the movie `` the player '' ?
of the univerisities that were attended by robert hooke , which one has the largest number of undergraduates ?
what is the hometown of the person who said `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' ?
what is the primary language of the country where newspaper legal daily is circulated ?
what persian language-speaking nation is the land where the tajik language is an official language ?
what even occured after united states presidential inauguration0 and included the inauguration of george w. bush bush ?
what is the origin of the ethnicity group that includes turkeyks in turkey0 ?
what state was the latest to have an adapted symbol and is home to auburn university ?
governmental office holder artur da cosa e silva comes from the country where people speak what language ?
what kind of art did the actor who played in the movie `` tarzan and jane regained '' create ?
what movie that ashley greene was in debuted at the toronto international film festival ?
which university with fewer than 1791 postgraduates did robert frost attend ?
what fantasy movies has leo howard played in ?
at which location did the author of the origin of species ( enriched classics ) pass away ?
what language in the `` heroes in hell '' fictional universe is spoken in switzerland ?
what was the earliest released movie directed by ron howard ?
what celebrity brody jenner dated ended their regular tv appearance most recently ?
which jane austen books are films , and that the cinematography was by roman osin ?
what fun things to do are located in the place where the movie `` san diego zoo safari park6 '' is set ?
which language is spoken in the country where the scotsman newspaper is circulated ?
what religion is followed by turks and is followed in the area where the currency kurus is used ?
what is the currency where the akher saa newspaper is distributed ?
what form of government does the country with government officer named yury chika have ?
what spouse of none1 is buried in santa maría magdalena de pazzis cemetery ?
which language is spoken where the newspaper `` the punch '' is circulated ?
what school does the actor that played in the film `` masculinity & me '' go to ?
what movies were released by medium dvd and starred liam hemsworth ?
of the people that marriage betty white , who 's has the latest date of death ?
what is the school with the largest number of undergraduates that sir isaac newtown attended ?
which combattant of the gulf war includes a governmental body called `` national assembly ? `` ?
what is the movie liam hemsworth played in at the web link , http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hna ?
what language is spoken in the country whose government body is called `` althing ? `` ?
which movies are robert pattinson in , that is about vampires ?
of the tourist attractions in sydney , which is the structure that opened earliest ?
which tv show written by stephen king did shawnee smith play in ?
what school did the person depicted in the picture `` william shakespeare 's father 's house in stratford-upon-avon '' go to ?
what are the official languages in the home of red stripe beer ?
what type of food does the producer of `` sometimes late at night '' like ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper zbcomma ?
which country is a member of the united nations security council and has pococí as a second level division ?
the image josh-groban-922.jpg in crazy , stupid , love . has who as its subject ?
for what was the subject of the picture `` vincent van gogh , c. 1876 , photographer unknown '' well known ?
what movie starring jenna dewan that was designed by paul d. auster ?
what languages are spoken in the country that speaks bunak ?
what major sport in venezuela is played in the polideportivo cachamay stadium ?
what is the subject of the image , marilyn monroe2 known for ?
what universities with more than 1485 undergraduates did none5 attend ?
what language is shared by the czech republic and the fictional universe `` heroes in hell '' ?
who died the most recently and was richard nixon vp ?
what zac efron movie debuted at the shanghai international film festival ?
what is the currency called from the country that has the council of states ?
in 2011 , who was the president in the country where the chilean escudo was used ?
which jane austen book which was adapted for television has a run time of 86 ?
what is the birthplace of the actor who portrayed the character billy crash ?
where did cutler jay go to college that has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what is the place with an official symbol of northern mockingbird where the siege of vicksburg took place ?
what program featuring nick cannon has a run time of less than 30 minutes ?
what state was the person who spoke about education reform born in ?
which movies starring none1 are from the united states of america ?
what 's the name of region , in which the newspaper il manifesto , is circulated ?
what are the names of michael jackson 's children who were born in beverly hills ?
in what state was the author of `` the audacity of hope '' born ?
in the tv program , with the sex and the city theme song , who played berger ?
what airport should i fly to if i want to visit the circulation area of the newspaper el mosquito ?
what language is spoken in the fictional tortall universe and has some speakers in the ciuntry of singapore ?
what form of government have been employed in the area of orgin for the egyptian mau breed ?
where did the person that said `` travelling makes a man wiser , but less happy '' die ?
of the two current senators of illinois , which terminated their government position the earliest ?
what state serves as home to harvard university and is the birthplace of fox mulder ?
what language is used in the country that produces harbin beer ?
what form of government system does the kingdom of prussia practice in australia ?
what spoken languages are used in the place where breed belgium2 originated in ?
what location for which charlotte , north carolina is known is found at 2700 east independence blvd ?
what high school founded after martin luther king , jr.8 did martin luther king , jr. attend ?
which indiana jones movie was decorated by michael d. ford ?
what currency is used where the proto thema newspaper is distributed ?
who invented scoring documents in a linked database , as well as google in 2012 ?
what language is spoken where the maltese lira is acceptable currency ?
which structure where the atlanta braves go to bat was the most recently opened ?
what movie did angelia jolie direct that becky sullivan was a crew member of ?
of the jane austen books that are movies , which is of the genre : comedy-drama ?
what movie did leo howard play in , and that was produced by the company troublemaker studios ?
what country , with the largest country code , is mount everest found ?
what team was hank baskett on in 2010 whose sports stadium is the hubert h. humphrey metrodome ?
what movie does robert pattinson play in that has a prequel called harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban ?
what movies with casting director kerry barden did leo howard play in ?
what matt dallas movie was directed by christian schoyen ?
what university is seen during `` zuleika dobson '' and was where theodore lesieg got his education ?
who influenced the author of `` tortilla fiat '' to begin writing ?
what country where some folks speak italian was featured in the work `` the pearl '' ?
what did marc e. platt produce that mario lopez has been in ?
what movie did both ian somerhalder and mary steenburgen play in ?
what city is the birthplace of the actress who was the character `` waterpark girl '' ?
in what mario lopez film was daniel j. leahy a crew member ?
who was the vice president of the man about whom `` gore vidal 's lincoln '' was written ?
what language do they speak in brazil that belongs to the indo-european languages ?
what is the inventor of the telephone known for ?
in which timezone is the country where malaysian english is spoken ?
what type of political system does the country who makes gilroy favourite beers have ?
which of the universities attended by jane goodall has the largest number of undergraduates ?
where was the person that said `` government does not solve problems ; it subsidizes them . '' born and raised ?
what other languages are spoken in the country where the greenlandic language is spoken ?
who started pixar and was buried in the alta mesa memorial park ?
who did the voice of darth vader and wrote voices and silences ?
if i visit the place where the mexican hairless dog originated in , what kind of money should i bring ?
what 's in the location in which the newspaper , liverpool daily post , is circulated in england ?
which native english speaking country was involved in the siege of louisbourg ?
what trading partner of portugal has a neighborhood called geylang ?
what are the tourist attractions , that are in the state that held the houston mayoral election , in 2009 ?
who was the parent of elizabeth i of england who died in the tower of london ?
for which team , does the subject of the picture , matt barnes , orlando magic , play ?
the person who said `` action is eloquence '' attended which school ?
what currency is used in the country where akbash dog originated in ?
what is the art style of the artist who said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed . `` ?
of charlie hunnam 's movies , which was released last ?
what are the official languages of argentina ?
on what continent is the governmental jurisdiction that has a title of `` president of the legislative council of hong kong , china ? `` ?
which film starring nick cannon was cast by justine baddeley ?
which language do people speak , where the currency brazilian brazilian cruzado is utilized ?
what person barack obama looked up to died from a heart attack ?
for which things is the artist who was given a nomination for a brief history of time well-known for ?
what types of music does the producer of john mayer8 play ?
who was the area where the daily texan newspaper is circulated named for ?
where did the person behind the quote `` our union : it must be preserved '' grow up ?
which character in the lord of the rings is played by the actor who portrayed chris bradley ?
what attraction opened after 1894 and are located in denver colorado ?
what jenna dewan movie is in the japanese language ?
what are the titles of the harry potter books published after june 21 , 2003 ?
what is the currency of the place where the cubalaya breed originated in ?
what show shot in new york has the highest number of seasons ?
what is the political party of the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' ?
what is the state where the movie `` eden court '' was filmed ?
what form of government is used in the country whose coat of arms is seal of the mexico ?
which supreme court of the united states has also been an editor in the past ?
what language is spoken in the location of `` the motorcycle diaries '' ?
which person involved in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict left office after 1980 ?
which influencer of john steinbeck said `` learn taciturnity and let that be your motto '' ?
in which country is the great pyramid of giza located , and where the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
of the years in which the pittsburgh steelers won the super bowl , which event ended the earliest ?
what is the official language where the dogo argentino breed comes from ?
what subjects did the person about whom the movie `` king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis '' was made study at university ?
who are the parents of the author of `` antony and cleopatra '' ?
what movie from the united kingdom did nick cannon star in ?
what language do brazilians speak that is also in the `` heroes in hell '' fictional universe ?
what two inventions is the author of `` poor richard 's almanac of 1757 '' credited with creating ?
what sports team owned by stan kroenke was founded the earliest ?
what is the type of political system where the afshar language is spoken ?
who 's the spouse of the actor who played rosemary clooney0 ?
what setting of the movie `` die hard with a vengeance '' was the new york city home of bernard madoff ?
in what country near the galápagos islandss is the army the largest ?
who was the spouse of the actor who played miss lilly ?
of the schools which were attended by martin luther king , jr. jr. which one had the largest number of undergraduates ?
what hotels are in san francisco , california ?
what countries were ruled by the subject of the film `` sixty glorious years '' ?
who did the actor who was in the movie `` wiz on down the road '' play in `` the wiz '' ?
what native son of gruver wrote luke bryan 's `` drunk on you '' ?
who was the 2012 quarterback of the team that play in none2 ?
in which time zone is the governmental jurisdiction with an officer titled the fresno city council president located ?
what liam hemsworth movies were produced by alex proyas ?
what type of money is used in the place where the film `` iris '' takes place ?
what currency is used in the country where there is a title of prime minister of thailand ?
what location of mission san rafael arcángel contains the muir woods national monument ?
what latest film has taylor lautner starred in ?
in which time zone is the location , that is where the government has a position titled , cincinnati city council-member in ?
what achievements did the subject of the film `` frederick douglass : when the lion write history '' have ?
who plays the person portrayed in the image `` none2 '' in family guy ?
what type of government is run where the filipino language is spoken ?
where in the united states of america is the administrative division in walton county ?
what taylor lautner movie was decorated by lesley beale ?
to what country with english as an official language does south africa export ?
what was the political party of theodore roosevelt that was featured in `` banana republican partylicans '' ?
what language is spoken in the place with china0 of the people 's republic of china ?
what is the form of government of the jurisdiction that has the senate of the philippines ?
who holds the position of senator in the jurisdiction where dannel malloy held office in 2010 ?
who dated kim kardashian and produced romeoland ?
what else did the author of `` john irving0 '' write ?
the state that held an election for united states senate in colorado of 2008 has what as its symbol ?
what president of the philippines died in saranac lake ?
where can i stay in the city where the movie `` fleet weeks 2 '' was filmed ?
which of the states in which roswell area 51 are located adapted its location symbol most recently ?
the actor who played in the film john legend : live from philadelphia is engaged to whom ?
which type of political system is at the location , that has a governmental office holder , with the name of atef sedki ?
what none2 team founded after 1948 did deion sanders play on ?
what currency is used in the place where the chihuahua dog breed originated in ?
what is the currency used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made use ?
from whom does the place where the huntaway breed originated import ?
which celebrity died of none4 and was marriage to rosemary clooney ?
what currency does the country that contains the istanbul province use ?
what was discovered by the author of `` micrographia ( history of microscopy series ) ? `` ?
which movie did angelina jolie direct , that debuted at the 2012 berlin international film festival ?
what nation capital circulates the die presse newspaper ?
what language do the people in the country where south africa2 beer is made speak ?
what persian language speaking country was the character sayid jarrah born in ?
what city and state was the author the published editions for the long winter ( little house ) from ?
what currency do they use at the country where brahma beer is made in ?
what government system does the country that speaks pidgin and nigerian language have ?
what is the currency of the governmental jurisdiction that has an office holder called wu xialoing ?
who is the actor , that played the character , girl at pool , engaged to ?
what team did shaquille o'neal play for that was founded after 1988 ?
what college with more than 7714 postgraduates did wilfred owen attend ?
who did the author who published the none2 , play for in 2010 ?
which type of currency is utilized , at the location , where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer , is produced ?
what country from which japan imports is the nation in which samoan is a spoken language ?
the actor that played in huey p. newton : prelude to revolution was killed where ?
what skill was the subject of the movie `` vincent & theo '' famous for ?
when my family visits the location where the movie `` festival in france '' is set , where should we stay ?
which movie had the cinematography doen by roger deakins and was directed by ron howard ?
what german language nation produces budweiser budvar beer ?
what west germanic languages does argentina speak ?
which actor played the role of darth vader in the star wars file that has baryr angus as a crew member ?
what challenges in life did the person have who said `` college is n't the place to go for ideas '' ?
what state includes a governmental title insurance commissioner and held the siege of vicksburg ?
for what teams did the actor from `` nba hardwood classics : charles barkley : charles barkley '' play ?
which states with a fossil as its official symbol that the mississippi river pass through ?
of the people that demi lovato was dating , which celebrity , had a romantic relationship that terminated the earliest ?
which italian speaking country exports to sierra leone ?
what did the person that said `` war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength , die of ?
where is the currency kuruå used ?
what governmental jurisdiction where you 'd find the university of alabama has a location symbol that was adapted earliest ?
where is the location of the auburn university with insect as an offical symbol of state ?
what are the names of the parents of the subject of the movie `` william shakespeare in love ? `` ?
what michael jackson movies were production designed by geoffrey kirkland ?
what taylor lautner movies were done in the english language ?
for what sports team whose home stadium is santiago bernabã©u stadium did cristiano ronaldo play in 2010 ?
what did the subject of the movie , martin luther king , jr.2 , do as his occupation ?
in the country that brews tinima superior beer , what language is used ?
what is the capital of the location where the movie `` water '' takes place ?
which province is the location , at which the newspaper , gauntlet is circulated in canada ?
what language is used in the country with second level division ouanaminthe arrondissement ?
which michael jackson brothers and sisters were the composers of none6 ?
who simba0d simba and produced `` none0 '' ?
what was the first team for which the subject of the image `` shaquille o'neal '' played ?
which languages are spoken , at the location , where the breed entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog originated at ?
where was the `` mcelligot 's pool '' award nominated artist educated ?
where did the author of `` sideways stories from wayside school '' grow up ?
what school that has the latest establishment date did jeff corwin attend ?
what area makes up midwestern united states us and has a county named morris county ?
what features can be visited in denver colorado and opened after the year 1887 ?
of the locations where they speak turkeykish , which country has the largest army ?
what type of government is used in the place where you 'd find the supreme court of israel ?
what team did tom landry play for that has the metlife stadium ?
what school was attended by the published of the 1735 poor richard 's almanac ?
who are the children of the person who said `` but thy eternal summer shall not fade ? `` ?
which film starring robert pattinson has the smallest run time ?
what city was the birthplace of the actor in the movie `` george lopez : america 's mexican '' ?
which languages do they speak , where the government of egypt is located ?
what language is spoken where the iran8 breed came from ?
what is the venue with the smallest capacity that i should visit when i go to sydney next year ?
what languages are spoken in the home of austria2 beer ?
which movie starring quentin tarantino was released the earliest ?
what was invented by nikola tesla and heinrich hertz ?
what is the spoken language in the country where the film `` south africa2 '' took place ?
which country that portugal trades with uses the united states dollar ?
which state through which the mississippi river flows has the most recently adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
what is the time zone in the jurisdiction that is governed by the legislative council of hong kong ?
which country do they brew the beer fogrenburger premium and speak turkish ?
what is the form of government in the setting for `` holiday in the sun ? `` ?
what are the english speaking countries that have less than 13000 army members ?
what is the name of the club the subject of `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' played for in 2010 ?
what city is located in lennox and addington country and is currently home to avril lavigne ?
which record label is the actor that was in the film , kelly clarkson : behind hazel eyes , sign with ?
of the sights to see in madrid , which is the earliest opened building ?
what is the birthplace of the actor that played in the film tommy emmanuel : live at her majesty 's theater ?
which continent is the country that brews kotayk lager beer located on ?
the person who said `` no one can make you feel inferior without your consent '' died where ?
what fors or art were created by the perosn who once quoted `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding . `` ?
what is the capital city of the geographic region that 's the birthplace of the austrian black and tan hound breed ?
where did the president who said , `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' receive his education ?
what language do they use in the place where there is a governmental body named the senate of pakistan ?
who started governmental position after 1-1-1801 and was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
what football team did the person who said `` the road to easy street goes through the sewer '' play for ?
who plays lois griffin on the tv program that has the family guy theme song ?
where was the career of the actor who played rusty white started ?
what province is the newspaper `` calgary herald '' circulated in ?
what movie that leo howard is in debuted on dvd ?
what occupation was doen by the academic advisr of edwin klebs ?
who was the actor none2 to that played billy shears . ?
which countries were ruled by the person who said `` oh , that peace may come '' ?
where did jackie robinson go to school with the largest number of postgraduates ?
where does the actor who played avril lavigne2 live currently ?
what form of art was done by the actor who played the character un ami d'orphee ?
what province with 7 letters is in the location where the film `` shoot 'em up '' was filmed ?
in 2012 who was the political head of the birthplace of the cubalaya breed ?
what is the utc time zone of the region that has the arizona senate ?
which team founded the most recently does michael jordan own ?
what movies did ron howard direct that were written by dan brown ?
which person was the topic of the image `` paul in rome '' ?
what coming of age genre film has featued chris colfer as an actor ?
what is the type of money used in the location of the film `` water '' ?
who was nominated for the golden raspberry award for worst supporting actress and dated ben stiller ?
what movie written by eric appel was taylor lautner in in 2011 ?
what actors were influenced on the actor whol played in the film titled `` the wiz down the road ? `` ?
which country was the fictional birthplace of bret mckenew zealandie and took part in the vietnam war ?
where did the person who said `` the devil is god 's ape '' live ?
which country was the vietnam war located that has lao as its official language ?
who played luke skywalker and produced the movie `` comic book : the movie '' ?
what school was founded after 1918 and was attended by tupac ?
which italyan movies did ron howard direct ?
what currency is used in the country where felipe calderón is an office holder ?
what type of government system does the bahamas have ?
which three languages do they speak in the location where the film , `` la hora de la siesta '' takes place ?
which language is spoken in the country with a government office holder named jã³hanna sigurã°ardã³ttir ?
which country speaks persian language , and is the location of film , how she move ?
in which state , was the siege of vicksburg held , and is also the district represented by haley barbour ?
in which city located in beaver county did joe namath live ?
what languages are used in the nation where zaza is a spoken language ?
what show did the actor that played the character chad michael murray6 star in ?
what is the zip code where the topic of the image `` paisano pete statue '' is located ?
who knows what the author of de revolutionibus orbium coelestium discovered ?
what currency is used in the area where the newspaper `` l'opinion '' is circulated ?
which indiana jones movie was filmed at indiana jones0 ?
what movie was written by george a. romero and featured nick cannon ?
what are the primary sports in the area that held the legislative session of the 3rd new zealand parliament ?
in what world series did the orioles beat the reds for the honor of playing ?
what is the hometown of the actor who portrayed senator jasper ?
what is the book with isbn 0023895306 that was written by aristotle ?
where was the actor who played ignatius living when he passed away ?
what is the currency of the country where brazilian portuguese is spoken at ?
what sport played in defender9 has a defender on its roster ?
what location of port st. lucie , florida has a governmental jurisdiction symbol that was adapted later than 20068 ?
what language do they speak where there is a government called the government of costa rica ?
during what season the quarteback for the new orleans saints tema which participated in nfl super bowl xliv drafted ?
what movie was albert brenner the production designer on that starred taylor lautner ?
at what event that ended first did the raiders win the super bowl ?
which super bowl was won by the pittsburgh steelers with a score of 16-6 ?
which language is used in the fictional buffyverse and is in real life spoken in new zealand ?
which political party to which andrew johnson belonged has the latest organizational founding date ?
what person baron de montesquie influenced was influenced by william godwin ?
what is the official language of the place where the movie `` la hora de la siesta '' takes place ?
when did the dallas cowboys win their first superbowl ?
what team is the actor that played in `` golden shoes '' play for ?
what movie was directed by david slade and featured ashley greene ?
what was the latest ryan gosling film released ?
what language is spoken where atef sedki holds office ?
who was the actor , that was in , wimbledon 2007 final : roger federer vs. nadal , marriage ?
whence is the actor who played in the movie `` top gun 2 '' ?
the ancient egyptian in giza was created by whom ?
the actor who played in the film dolly : live from london grew up where ?
where is the movie willy wonka take place ?
what university with largest number of undergraduates did sanjay gupta attend ?
what movie was written by gus van sant and stars taylor momsen ?
what places are the kids in the movie `` bus stop '' located at ?
who is the current president of the nation where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co. ltd. zhu jiang beer is made ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled governor-general of jamaica ?
what form of political system is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prosecutor general of russia ?
who are the parents of the person who said , `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' ?
what is there to do with children in asheville , nc , with the street address,1 approach road ?
which other political offices , has the public speaker which spoke about energy development , worked as ?
who was the president in 2012 of the circulation area of the newspaper la hora ?
which of the four nations that comprise the united kingdom is the birthplace of anne krassilowsky ?
what god does the religion believe in that taoism4 is a founding figure ?
who is the son of king henry viii of england who was catholic ?
who is the writer that influenced charles dickens that said `` first thing we do , let 's kill all the lawyers . `` ?
in which continent , is the location , in which the newspaper tishreen , is circulated at ?
what are some fun things to do in the locatioin where the film `` larger than life '' takes place ?
what area with the st. catharines coat-of-arms did the iroquois indians come from ?
what country is the topic that the speaker alexander mintz talked about and is controlled by the house of habsburg ?
in what country was the person who said , `` but thy eternal summer shall not fade . '' born ?
where does the sports team whose home arena is at & t park play baseball ?
in which city containing a neighborhood named hawkins heights does danny ainge live ?
which states does the mississippi river pass through , and the governmental jurisdiction that has the government position title , member of congress ?
which utah senator was born in pittsburgh ?
which locations include the affected area of the cyclone , hurrhode islandcane daisy ?
what party that authored liberal policy in 1953 did winston churchill belong to ?
what is the earliest film to be released that was directed by ron howard ?
which movie was produced by erwin stoff that robert pattinson acted in ?
which language is spoken in the country that has the position title , iran4 of iran ?
what war was george washington involved in that is the subject of the film the scarlet coat ?
who is the actor who appeared in american pie presents : the book of love and who was marriage to britney spears ?
what is the form of government in the country where harbin beer is made ?
what city is the birthplace of the perosn who quoted `` i played by the rules of politics as i found them . `` ?
what did the subject of the pic , lucy yank army , die of ?
in which movies has liam hemsworth acted in , that was decorated by glen w. johnson ?
in which country , did the flemish live , where the regional government has an official symbol , of a coat of arms ?
what kind of cancer caused the death of the actor from `` third world ? `` ?
what language is spoken in the area where the legal daily newspaper is distributed ?
name the country where the first gulf war was fought . it has a small country code . ?
what are the names of the actor that starred in the `` michael jackson1 '' movie ?
what movie is about a body swap and featued chad michael murray ?
which italian speaking country has the largest calling code ?
what movie was produced by michael corenblith and featured taylor momsen ?
what kind of currency is used in the country where `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' was filmed ?
what is the state flower of the area hit by tropical storm norma ?
which band was the writer of `` none0 '' a member of ?
who was featured in the film california romanza and plays the character roxanne in ghist rider ?
who was president in 2009 on the governmental jurisdiction where the government included a position entitled prime minister of cuba ?
what movie was taylor lautner in with music by edward shearmur ?
what 's the main language , that is spoken in the country , where brazilian portuguese is spoken ?
what was the earliest war that george washington was in ?
what did the author of `` poor richard 's almanac of 1735 '' invent ?
what fantasy movies did taylor lautner starred in ?
what is the currency used where zaza is spoken ?
what new england state that held the legislative session of the 122nd maine senate ?
what is the capital of the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made ?
what location ruled by william and mary was the home of charles darwin and his wife ?
who was buried st george 's chapel , windsor castle and raised queen victoria ?
what film was shot in new york city and featured regina hall ?
where was the author of `` profiles in courage '' when he was shot ?
who was in the movie `` ester & esther hicks : the law of attraction in action '' ?
what movies used janet hirshenson as a film castng director and were directed by ron howard ?
what political system is shared by argentina and brazil ?
what language is spoken in the country that brews antares barley wine beer ?
what organization was led by the artist for was nominated for an award for `` why i oppose the war in vietnam '' ?
what languages are spoken where breed arabic language8 originated ?
in 2010 , who was the governor of the state that held the united states senate election in colorado ?
who prompted william shakespeare to write poetry and was influenced by philip sidney ?
in which part of the world , is the location , where the breed boerboel , originated at ?
where should i travel around the place , where the movie , `` luna park sydney2 '' occurs ?
of the two current illinois senators , which has a occupation as an author ?
which of the teams for which jim harbaugh played was founded first ?
what type of government was used in the former location of the government of the soviet union ?
which country with a official floral emblem is a major trader with germany ?
what 's the official language of the country , where brazilian portuguese is spoken currently ?
what was the name of john f. kennedy 's family member who died on september 6 , 1888 ?
what vice president was the subject of the movie frost/richard nixon ?
which of the films starring michael jackson was written by joel schumacher ?
what was the cause of death of larry hagman that was also the subject of the movie `` 50/50 '' ?
what did the person who said `` let us be moral . let us contemplate existence '' believe in religiously ?
what did the individual , that said , `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat . '' attend college for ?
which arabic language speaking country is in the near east ?
who was the person that influenced arthur conan doyle and was buried in dryburgh abbey ?
what is the capital city of the republic that 's the governmental jurisdiction where the legislative session of the 30th dã¡il was held ?
what judge in the supreme court of the united states was born in buffalo ?
where is the location where the film `` how to run a filling station '' takes place at ?
which of portugal 's trade partners has an iso smaller than 682 ?
what 's the dollar called at the location , where the breed canchim , originated at ?
who 's the current leader of the governmental jurisdiction in which the government includes the position prime minister of cuba ?
what movie is spoken in the hebrew language and feature ryan gosling ?
what countries do the country where none6 beer is made export to ?
what work decorated by john h. anderson features regina hall ?
which types of languages , does the country where turkeyk tuborg troy beer is manufacturkeyed , speak ?
what movies about vampires have starred taylor lautner ?
what are some good hotels to stay in in the area that the san francisco news-call bulletin newspaper is circulated ?
which of selena gomez ' movies was released first ?
what college did mark zuckerberg '' -u attend , and has an organization headquarters located in the city of dobbs ferry ?
what is the government type of the place where the cubalaya breed originated ?
which is the most recently founded sports team played in poland ?
which currency do i need if i go to the country with the coat of arms of mexico ?
what is the name of the currency used in brazil ?
which team for which ronaldinho played in 2011 was founded first ?
what structure that opened later than 1982 is a great place to visit in peoria , illinois ?
what coming of age movie did nick cannon star in ?
what spoken language used by scottish people that was found in the fictional universe the hector hornsmith pirate chronicles ?
which school did the actor that played in the film , wiz on down the road , attend ?
who was in the nba finals in 2010 , with an organization founding date of 1947 ?
what time zone is used in the governmental jurisdiction in which the government includes the position governor of nebraska ?
what was jesse owens education , that has an organization headquarters located in the city of columbus ?
what shows does the subject of the image `` nick cannon by david shankbone '' play in ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that had a prequel called `` the twilight saga : new moon '' ?
what type of governmental system is used in the bahamas and in the country where emanuel lasker was born ?
who shot the artist nominated for awards for `` ( just like ) starting over '' ?
in the country where none2 beer has been brewed , who has served as president ?
which movies in the english language have featured nick cannon ?
in which language , does the country where , al ahram beverages co. stella beer is manufactured , utilize ?
what movie starring taylor lautner that was produced by anthony katagas ?
where does president barack obama live that is a place in the fictional universe of `` hard to be me '' ?
what type of government is practiced in the country where b.b.n.p . czechvar premium czech lager beer is made ?
which continent was known for originally breeding the boerboel ?
what team that uses the m & t bank stadium did jim harbaugh play for ?
what year did the cincinnati reds hold the championship runner up title and the orioles won the pennant ?
what property did the composer of `` billie jean '' own ?
what is the government system in the region where nguyá » n táº¥n då©ng holds office ?
what armenia0 bordering armedia that has a government position title minister ?
of the people who were a part of starting the federal reserve systemeral reserve board , which one ended the government position the earliest ?
what michael jackson movies that were written by lowell cunningham ?
who was jessica simpson to that also played the character dwayne ?
in what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position title oklahoma state representative ?
what language is spoken in australia as well as the fictional universe , buffyverse ?
which building in charlotte north carolina opened first ?
which of the schools sir isaac newton attended has the fewest undergraduates enrolled in that university ?
what actor influenced by bill cosby plays james t. kirk in star trek ?
where is the author of grundrisse buried ?
what administrative division in the country the world war ii0 was the home of anne frank prior to the war ?
what 's the state bird of the place depicted in the image `` seal.gif '' ?
in what god killed by crucifixion do catholics believe ?
what movie written by mark protosevich was kat dennings in ?
who is ruling the country the film `` inside north korea '' is about now ?
who was the award nominated artist for mama 's song in none0 ?
what 's the local language of the location , that has a government position with the title , minister of justice of israel ?
which time zone is the country where the langue spoken in hokkien ?
who was the first wife of the person who `` innocence of muslims '' is about ?
what is the docudrama that ian somerhalder was in ?
who is the current leader of the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position vice premier of the people 's republic of china ?
who was richard nixon0 when the subject of the movie `` frost/richard nixon '' was the president ?
in 2012 , who was the president of the location where the film `` the carbon collective '' takes place ?
what coming of age movie is nick cannon in ?
what movies starring omar epps that was debut in 2000 sundance film festival ?
in what city was the subject of the movie `` robert f. kennedy in the land of apartheid : a ripple of hope '' killed ?
from which nation did the person responsible for the statement `` love the whole world as a mother lovers her only child . '' come ?
what language is spoken in the region where the northern ireland assembly is located ?
what language is spoken in the country where the manager daily newspaper is circulated ?
what ian somerhalder work was put up for an award , described as `` role : george monroe '' ?
who held the vice president position prior to becoming the president of the philippiines ?
who influenced niccolò machiavelli and was assassination ?
at the place where `` la hora de la siesta '' was filmed , what languages are used . ?
who shot the person featured in the movie `` john lennon nyc ? `` ?
which college with under 1991 undergraduates did none1 attend ?
what movie did kat jennings star in that was directed by david jacobson ?
what languages are used in the country where brazilian portuguese is spoken ?
which countries , was the region , were the location is the subject of the movie , jacob 's ladder ?
what structure in sydney was opened the latest ?
what team does sergio agüero play for and was also the earliest to be founded . ?
what tv show taped in new york city was decorated by susan benjamin ?
on which continent is kilikia beer produced ?
what city is an administative division of the country ukraine and hosted the uefa euro 2012 event ?
what was the occupation of jack kevorkian who had their work features in language in emergency medicine ?
from which country with a nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar do turkish people originate ?
what currency is used in the birthplace of the mexican hairless dog breed ?
what types of government is run by the nation that contains the federal government of mexico ?
what types of drugs are abused by the actor from winning recipes ?
what languages are used in the country with the position title prime minister of belgium ?
where did the author of `` barack obama6 '' go to school ?
in `` taken , '' what character is played by the actor who portrayed the character martha moxley ?
what is the currency in the area where the `` la cuarta '' newspaper is circulated ?
the country where perpignan is located , and was involved in the military conflict of the battle of talavera ?
what political party did the main character of the film none2 being to ?
what is the author of `` the new atlantis '' ?
what movie starring ryan gosling has the latest release date ?
what did the politician who was appointed by malcolm fraser study in college ?
who is the last celebrity brody jenner had a romantic relationship with ?
which city was the subject of the image `` selena-gomez.png '' born in ?
what is the state flag of the government , of the governmental office holder named elias m. ammons ?
who served as vice president under the man featured in the film `` bill clinton : speeches of the presidential years , 1993-2001 '' ?
what language do they speak in the area where the `` belgium0 '' newspaper is circulated ?
where was the actor who played `` preppy guy at fight '' born ?
what currency is accepted in the area of circulation for brazil em folhas ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of belgium0 ?
where did the subject of the film in search of theodore lesieg attend college ?
what does the award nominated artist for betty white 's off their rockers do ?
what ron howard movie featured music by john williams ?
who shot the actor who was in the movie `` fire in the water '' ?
who was the person who fought in the battle of gettysburg who died after october 12,1870 ?
which film starring quentin tarantino featured cinematography was by toyomichi kurita ?
which countries in the world speak chinese , with a country calling code that is greater than 65 ?
where did the author who wrote `` the rose that grew from concrete '' grow up ?
which film produced by 20th century fox television has featured chris colfer ?
what political system is in place where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co. ltd. zhu jiang beer is made ?
which sports team for which hank baskett played in 2010 was founded first ?
what city was the place of death for the musician who composed creperie ( parodie de rape me ?
what form of government is used in the country with government officer named joã£o goulart ?
what university did the artist for my life [ abridged ] graduate from ?
what political office has the person held who said , `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' ?
what scientist discovered the planet neptune and was buried at the ascension parish burial ground ?
who fought the battle of gettysburg , and was a member of the episcopal church ?
of the teams for which ronaldinho played , which sports team was founded last ?
what judge in the supreme court practiced conservative judaism ?
which united kingdom countries are identified with a top level domain of eu ?
what movie that robert rodriguez was production designer for starred selena gomez ?
in what country was the person who said `` action is eloquence . '' born ?
in which continent , does the government that has the position title , director of immigration , in china ?
what structure build on june 5 , 2007 is charlotte , north carolina known for ?
what event happened in nagasaki after august 9 , 1945 ?
in which city did the author who published editions for the scarecrow of oz . die ?
what form of political system is used in the place where the rumpless game breed originated ?
what nation that 's a major trading partner of germany has the thistle as an official symbol ?
name the kind of government that holds china0 of the people 's republic of china . ?
what currency is used by the country in which there is a position title of `` member of the senate of the netherlands ? `` ?
which sports team in canada was founded first ?
what film starring taylor lautner that was edited by christopher greenbury ?
in what time zone is the region where the arbeitets ridder newspaper is circulated ?
what type of government is used where the government is called government of north korea ?
what currency does the place where there is a governmental position of the prime minister of thailand use ?
which netherlands9 countries have an army less than 111300 people ?
which movie in which madonna appeared was the most recently released film ?
in the film with the soundtrack `` private parts : the album , '' who played howard stern ?
where is the birthplace of the subject of the movie `` william shakespeare in love '' ?
where is the location of the war south vietnam a combatant in ?
in which us state is roswell 's area 51 , and has earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
who plays harley quinn and also produced the movie `` bhutto '' ?
what other movies has the actor who played in `` none1 '' played in ?
which film shot in chicago features jenna dewan ?
what was the school that was attended by the person who wrote `` got money '' ?
if you are flying to the city where the le manifeste newspaper is circulated , what would be to closest airpoty to land at ?
which united states of american tv series did mark harmon appear in ?
what ian somerhalder work featured cinematography by sven nykvist ?
what sports team did albert pujols played on in 2012 that plays at the angel stadium of anaheim in anaheim ?
which war during the presidency of george wahsington had the smallest force size ?
what film directed by ron howard had a prequel called the davinci code ?
what owner of the ship , thermopylae did the house of habsburg control ?
what languages are spoken where the anumal breed swedish vallhund originated ?
where did the actor , that was the character , guy lambert , begin his career ?
what movies have featured the actor from `` taylor lautner0 ? `` ?
what structure designed by albert speer that has the street address olmpischer platz 3 ?
what country that has the largest calling code speaks persian language ?
what language is spoken in both ghana and the fictional universe buffyverse ?
which awards , has the actor that was in the movie , angelina jolie2 , received ?
what country where hebrew language is an official language is the site of the first gulf war ?
where was the actor born and raised who portrayed the character juanita slocumb ?
which movies is omar epps in , that was released to distribution via the medium theatrical ?
what country trades with portugal with the largest iso numeric ?
what teen film genre movie did chris farley do ?
what aristotle book has a 13 digit isbn of 9780023895302 ?
which structure building in denver , was opened the earliest ?
where is the colorado1 located that had a symbol that was adapted after colorado4 ?
what continent was the setting o the movie `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' located in ?
what is the earliest opened amusement park in houston to visit ?
which narcotic , did the actor that was in the film , mitch hedberg : mitch all together , overdose on ?
what chad michael murray work was nominated for an award with the description `` role : tess coleman '' ?
what form of currency is used in the nation in which boon rawd singha lager beer is made ?
what type of government is used in the united kingdom where emanuel lasker was born ?
what movies in the thriller genre have featured taylor lautner ?
what city is the capital of the country where county carlow is located ?
what celebrity who played bella on twilight had the most recently-ended romantic relationship ?
what 's the currency , utilized in the region , where the movie , `` the motorcycle diaries '' , occurs ?
what type of government is practiced in the circulation area for proto thema ?
who 's the prime minister '' -g of the location , where the amharic language dialect is spoken currently ?
what are the languages spoken in the region where albert ii of belgium holds office ?
what nick cannon movie had cinematography by michael barrett ?
what language is spoken by the government of egypt ?
what was the original voice actor for meg from the program whose theme song is the family guy theme song ?
which actor played the character named martin and has datad kim kardashian in the past ?
which actorplayed a part in the film `` lucille ball2 '' ?
what are the capital cities of the nation in which the film `` the last leprechaun '' takes place ?
what movie was produced by rodney rothman and featured mario lopez ?
which team lays in american airlines center and has steve nash on their roster ?
who is the coach of inter milan who was born in san vincenzo , tuscany ?
which tv show did shawnee smith play in , that was filmed at magna ?
what is the earliest cup that the los angeles kings won ?
what is the official language of the nation where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is accepted as currency ?
at the affected area of the cyclone typhoon yunya , which type currency is utilized ?
which movie has ian somerhalder acted in , that was written by bret easton ellis ?
which film from the czech republic did jennifer lawrence appear in ?
where was the home of charles darwin and his wife and the birthplace of anne krassilowsky ?
who is the actor that portrayed the character tina waters ?
what secretary of state under president richard nixon said , `` even a paranoid can have enemies '' ?
in the country where the samoyed dog breed originated from , what religions are practiced ?
what movie features both leo howard and david anders ?
what was the first movie released that liam hemsworth played in ?
what state has university of alabama and the government symbol that was adopted the latest ?
which influencers of charles dickens were inspired by lucian ?
what is the currency of the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made ?
for what was the subject of the film `` resolution : a portrait of amelia earhart '' best known ?
where is the author who write `` the communist manifesto ( the world 's classics ) '' buried ?
which movies that was written by sylvia nasar did ron howard direct ?
what languages are spoken in the location where the movie `` austria4 '' takes place ?
what disease suffered by robin roberts was the subject of `` cancer vixen : a true story ? `` ?
what other languages are used in the country where syriac language is a spoken language ?
from what disease did the actor who played in the movie `` wiz on down the road '' suffer ?
who influenced the person who said , `` it is better to be feared than loved , if you can not be both '' ?
which trade partner of portugal is the country of birth for pwt ?
what airport serviced by southwest airlines where the film `` larger than life '' takes place ?
where is the canadian county and also the location of the movie `` splinter '' ?
what language do they speak in the country where the language taylsh is spoken ?
what kind of guitar is played by the lyricist for `` go your own way '' ?
which of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) countries has the largest country calling code ?
what form of currency is used in the place that has the second level division cephalonia ?
what 's there fun to do at the location , in which the newspaper , the mesa press , is circulated ?
what countries with calling code greater than 84 that are members of the united nations security council ?
what current leader of north korea is using the title of premier ?
what television film did omar epps play in ?
what movie did tupac play in with the casting director ellyn long marshall ?
which films cast by deborah aquila starred taylor lautner ?
who was marriage to the governor general of the province of canada ?
for what did the artist who recorded `` poor fellows '' win an oscar ?
what attractions are located in the circulation area for `` san diego zoo safari park0 ? `` ?
what movies starring taylor momsen that were released after 2-18-2003 ?
where was the author of `` why i oppose the war in vietnam '' born ?
what nation in which german is the official language has the lowest country calling code ?
what trading partner of south africa has an iso alpha-3 of ago ?
what movie was directed by nigel churcher and played in by jenna dewan ?
who was the 2013 virginia senator who worked as a businessperson ?
which american , coached the carolina panthers , that had been coaching football , until 2001 ?
whence is the ethnicity of the actor who played the character gratuity 'tip ' tucci ?
what school dr. martin luther king , jr. attended is the university with the largest number of undergraduates ?
in which timezone is the location where the film `` holiday in the sun '' occurs ?
what language is spoken int he country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made ?
what city is the capital of the state that has a position title of georgia state representative ?
what film did ian somerhalder act in , that was released the earliest ?
what movies have starred the actor who played in the film `` taylor lautner0 '' ?
what language is used in the country with government officer named artur da costa e silva ?
what movies released to dvd did jenna dewan play in ?
which country did maria theresa rule , and , the country 's army is smallest ?
who was one of mary shelley 's parents that was influenced by cicero ?
which movie has jeff betancourt as editor and jenna dewan as star ?
what currency is used in the setting of `` the carbon collective ? `` ?
what type of money is used in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is produced ?
which country bordering england has the thistle as an official symbol ?
what secondary languages are spoken in the country where brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer is produced ?
what language is spoken where the zbcomma newspaper is distributed ?
what type of government is used in both abkhazia and spain ?
what movie with a story written by mike myers did chris farley appear in ?
what form of government is used in the country where cebuano is a spoken language ?
what government system is in place where the old israeli sheckel is accepted currency ?
what religion does the actor feature in the movie `` sammy davis , jr. '' practice ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the fila brazilero breed is originated ?
which did was acquired by the main subject of the movie none2 ?
what movie in which robert pattinson acted was released last ?
who inspired the author of `` give a critic an inch , he 'll write a play '' ?
who influenced william godwin and also inspired abraham lincoln to aspire to the presidency ?
what form of political system is used in the governmental jurisdiction where north korea0 is a governmental office holder ?
where does the actor live who played the character mickey chandler ?
what are the countries that the country that speaks nama language exports to ?
in the movie american revolutionary war6 , who was the british general ?
in which year , did the pittsburgh steelers win the super bowl , the latest occasion ?
what genre of music is the author of the song `` waiting on the world to change '' play ?
in what town was the person who said , `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' assassinated ?
which combattant who fought at gettysburg was laid to rest in philadelphia ?
what type of currency is utilized , where the federal government of brazil is located ?
which language is spoken in the jurisdiction that has the position title vice premier of the people 's republic of china ?
what movies filmed at kalama has taylor lautner played in ?
what languages are spoken in the country where iraq4 is spoken ?
what was the earliest structure to open in the city of liverpool england ?
what was the college major of the basketball player the film `` jordan rides the bus '' is about ?
which timezone includes the neighborhood of acton currently ?
in which movies , does leo howard act in , in which the costumes were designed by wendy partridge ?
which movie has ian somerhalder acted in , as well as mary steenburgen ?
which television shows , did the actor that played the character , none2 , produce ?
what university that publishes the periodical journal nova religio boasts jack london as an alumnus ?
what are the coins called in the region where malaysian is spoken ?
which movie directed by scott plauche starred tupac ?
which country has a position of consul general and is the location of the great pyramid of giza ? ` ?
which author influenced both charles dickens and william godwin ?
what movie directed by sarah finn that omar epps starred in ?
what is the political system of the country that uses the coat of arms of russia ?
in what governmental jurisdiction including the position leader of the opposition does the murray river run ?
of the movies that tupac starred in , that demi moore was in as well ?
what movie regina hall played in had cinematography done by mark irwin ?
which university college , oxfordersity attended by robert boyle has the fewest undergraduates ?
what type of currency is used in both france and the ã land islands ?
which language is spoken in the country where thai is spoken ?
what movie did madonna appear in that featured the icelandic language ?
where was the actor who played in the movie `` the wizards return : alex vs. alex '' raised ?
what movie written by theodore lesieg stars zac efron ?
where was the image `` picture from dam '' taken ?
who influenced the author that published , the house of the wolfings , to become an artist ?
what sites are there to see near the area in which austin4 newspaper is circulated ?
what airport is in the circulation area for the shorthorn ?
who influenced both frank lloyd wright and george macdonald ?
in what movies did the artist nominated for awards for abduction act ?
what was the actor that played in the movie `` wesley snipes2 '' ?
what artist was a peer to claude monet and considered to be an inspiration to vincent van gogh ?
what university with the largest number of postgraduates did theoor schwann attend ?
where does carlos santana live , and is also the administrative division location , of the united states of america ?
what form of government based on the ideology of fascism did benito mussolini use ?
what was the discovery made by the author of the published editions of micrographia ?
when did the artist nominated for awards for `` shaquille o'neal0 '' come to the nba ?
where is the burial site of the author of `` the fall of the house of usher '' ?
what is the subject of the image cher.jpg 's son 's name ?
which residence of danny ainge is home to babson college ?
what language is spoken in the country where akhbar el-yom is published ?
what are the shows produced by ent_1 that had fewer than 2 seasons ?
who has dated the actress who portrayed none6 ?
what is the ethnicity of the actor starring in the film summerslam ( 2002 ) ?
what languages are spoken in the country with an official currency for the fijan pound ?
what college did jeff corwin have that has the largest number of postgraduates ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the movie `` defamtion '' takes place ?
which show produced by henry winkler has the smallest number of episodes in the program ?
which tibetan language belongs to the mongolic languages language family ?
what is the timezone where the saturday press newspaper is distributed ?
in which country , do the burmese cats originate from , that also produces the beer , boon rawd singha lager ?
who shot the performer who was nominated for an award for double fantasy ?
which country trade with portugal and have government official with the title prime minister of mozambique ?
in the film the rough rider 's , where was the subjects house ?
what english speaking country has an internet top level domain of ie ?
in which time zone is the jurisdiction that has the governor of arizona ?
government office holder phil gordon has what jurisdictional airline hub in the government ?
what was the religion of the ottoman turks which also appears in the movie `` a force called favor ? `` ?
what movie was produced by jay firestone and featured ryan gosling ?
what currency is used in the area governed by the hellenic parliament ?
what film was taylor lautner in that was nominated with the description `` based on the novel by stephanie meyer '' ?
what does the actor of `` jimi hendrix : experience great '' do ?
which language do brazilians utilize , and its main speaking country is portugal ?
which academic degrees did the author that published , the audacity of hope , obtain in college ?
what club does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 whose home arena is santiago bernabã©u stadium ?
what language is spoken by the sioux indian and people in great britain ?
in what years did the team whose home stadium is oriole park at camden yards play in the world series ?
what movie had a prequel called `` ca n't buy me love '' and starred nick cannon ?
at where , does the body of water , under asb bridge terminate ?
what are the main sports in the area in which the newspaper new zealand gazette is circulated ?
what actor who acted in the film the circus inspired michael jackson to become a singer ?
what movie was a sequel to the film `` eclipse '' and starred taylor lautner ?
where is mount st. helens volcano that has a symbol that was adapted the latest ?
what is the currency of the country where brazilian portuguese is spoken ?
where did the person that stated , `` none0 '' , attend university ?
in which state that adapted its symbol last is mount jefferson located ?
what professoression does the author who published edition for building family do ?
what venue is located in charlotte north carolina and once hosted the event `` music as a weapon tour , charlotte , nc '' ?
which artist of mickey mouse said `` it 's kind of fun to do the impossible ? `` ?
which film starring taylor lautner was a prequel to eclipse ?
where did tennessee williams live in that contains the neighborhood named audubon ?
who was the president in 2012 of the country where unidad de valor constante is the chosen currency ?
which sports team that steve nash played for , was founded after 1947 ?
what language do most people speak in the location where `` nollywood babylon '' is set ?
what was the cause of death for the performer from `` whitney houston : a song for you : live ? `` ?
what influencer of paulo freire created the communist party of china ?
what is the name of the mother of prince , the music producer who produced `` sometimes late at night ? `` ?
the legal daily newspaper is circulated in the area with what types of government ?
what is the spoken language in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made ?
what is the currency used in the country where mandika language is spoken ?
who was the leader in 1945 of the country where the moscow watchdog breed originated ?
which movie is omar epps in , and was production designed , by albert brenner ?
what team does the subject of the image vickpb crop play for ?
what year after 2012 did the miami heat win the championship ?
what other films does the actor who plays wanderlust0 show up in ?
what is the home stadium of the sports team that plays in arlington ?
which character did the `` anywhere but here '' award nominated artist play in star wars ?
where did the subject of the film `` the genius of charles darwin '' make his home with his wife ?
which producer of the film mrs. doubtfire played alan parrish in jumanji ?
which countries that have spanish as their official language , has an official symbol of ceiba pentandra ?
what other languages are used in the area where romansh is a spoken language ?
which languages are spoken where the breed , austrian pinscher originated at ?
in what city did the subject of the film king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis get shot ?
where did the `` your arsenal '' award nominated artist live in 2010 ?
what did the actor that played the character brittany murphy0 die of ?
who were the inspirations for the author who published editions for `` the audacity of hope '' ?
what movie classic had donald paul pemrick as a casting director and starred mario lopez ?
in what games did the los angeles lakers win the championship , with syracuse nationals as the runner up team ?
what writers were seen as inspriation sources to the author of `` john steinbeck0 '' ?
which movie featuring ian somerhalder was released most recently ?
what currency does the country that has the coat of arms of mexico use ?
what time zone is the location where the movie `` 1 day '' was filmed in ?
what location of puerto galera , oriental mindoro is a military combatant that was involved in the military conflict of the san ildefonso massacre ?
what 's there to do with children , at the location , that the government has the position , mayor of phoenix ?
which south african trade partner makes cuca beer ?
what movies with music by william ross did chris farley play in ?
what was the earliest released film that selena gomez starred in ?
which country includes the first minister of scotland as a part of their government and is a part of the united kingdom ?
what form of government is used in the place depicted in the image `` á¡áá£áá '' ?
what poltician is president of the country that is the focus of the image brazil.jpg ?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and is kenosha 's language ?
what is the cause of death of the person that said `` the devil 's name is dullness . `` ?
what state that has auburn university and fossil as the state symbol ?
where is the birthplace of the author of `` the temple of my familiar '' ?
which type of government , does the subject of the movie , inside north korea , portray ?
which languages are spoken in the jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named atef sedki ?
what years after 1907-10-12 have chicago cubs played in the world series ?
what time zone is used in the place where the serama breed originated ?
what writer , who died in livorno , influenced charles dickens ?
what killed the general who served in the military unit army of northern virginia ?
in which movie did ian somerhalder act in , in which costumes where designed by suzy benzinger ?
in which setting of the film `` the inheritors '' do the people speak turkish ?
which movie with an under 60 minutes run time was taylor lautner in ?
which artist that recorded `` happy birthday , mr. president , died first ?
what currency is used in the country of origin for the canchim breed ?
what topographical area is the city of giza located ?
who 's the actor , that was the character kelly deegan , with currently ?
which of thomas edison 's inventions were created with the help of emile berliner ?
which language is spoken , in the country , where athenian brewery s.a , . alfa hellenic beer , is produced ?
which football player that completed the largest passes , did kim kardashian date ?
where did the actor of the film san paolo come from ?
for what teams did the subject of the picture `` lamar odom 2 '' play in 2011 ?
whi was an influencer of niccolò machiavelli and also influenced william godwin ?
what is the home of the artist nominated for awards for `` good girl gone bad '' ?
during what seasons where the super bowl champions the team that palys their games in pitt stadium ?
who fought in the gulf war of 1991 and is a country where the turkmen language is spoken ?
what is the capital city of the place where the government called government of austria is located ?
what location of the navajo tribe is in the governmental jurisdiction that held the legislative session of the 113th united states congress ?
what movies was quentin tarantino in that quentin tarantino0i also starred in ?
which timezone is in pennsylvania in close proximity to venice municipal airport ?
when is captain dustin brown 's team last stanley cup win ?
who is the president of the country with the israeli lira as official currency ?
in the texas city which circulates the san antonio southside reporter , what timezone is used ?
what was the latest person to die from pink floyd ?
what landmarks can be located in the country that brews sinai peninsula6 beer ?
what country borders ukraine and was involved in the military conflict of the battle of kulikovo ?
what nationality was mother teresa of calcutta ?
in which country , is colombia , and where was raynal bolling , born ?
what is the timezone of the location of the movie `` truth be told '' ?
what movies in which nick cannon starred were released to the distribution medium of the theater ?
what language is spoken where the dogo argentino originated ?
which sports team for which ronaldniho plays is the team that was founded first ?
what is the capital of the state where the film `` how to die in oregon '' occurs ?
what is the form of government in the country that has samoan as its language ?
what movie that robert pattinson is in was released the most recently ?
which of the movies that ryan gosling acted in , that was written by george clooney ?
what tv show as shawnee smith in that was directed by burton rencher ?
what governmental system is used in the country where guinness foreign extra stout ( nigeria ) beer is produced ?
what was the occupation of the person nominated for now it can be told ?
what currency is used where the israeli lira is valid currency ?
who does cristiano ronaldo play for in 2012 , and was latest founded sports team ?
what university with over 9,381 undergraduates did harry s. truman attend ?
which type of government does the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made ?
who married the author of `` poor richard 's almanac of 1757 '' ?
what matt dallas movie has music by khao ?
in which time zone is the film `` iris '' set ?
what movie did ron howard direct that was produced designed by james l. schoppe ?
what celebrities with a romantic relationship that ended after 9 august 2006 has brody jenner dated ?
which university college , oxfordersity has less than 221 postgraduates and incldues robert boyle as an alumni ?
who brought up the subject of the film `` sixty glorious years '' ?
what offices were held by the person who stated `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency ? `` ?
who is the artist nominated for an award for `` none0 '' with now ?
which of the iberian romance languages is spoken in costa rica ?
what currency is used in the country where rapa nui language is spoken ?
who inspired michael jackson to become a singer , that was buried at , palm valley view memorial park ?
what movie is omar eppis in that was written by john singleton ?
which countries export to locations in the film `` none2 the water giant '' ?
what religion practiced in massachusetts is part of `` a force called favor ? `` ?
what country does the film `` beyond the pole '' take place in ?
which movie made by `` 20th century fox '' , that actor robert pattinson was in , that was nominated for an award ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that has a prequel called `` the twilight saga : new moon '' ?
what tourist attraction in venice that is located on grand canal ?
what area did both maria theresa and charles iii of naples rule ?
who was richard nixon secretary of state who did in bethesda ?
what french speaking country has kirundi language as the official language . ?
what language is spoken in the country who has a government office holder named singapore0 ?
who was marriage to the subject of the film la reine soleil ?
what song was done by the actor who played the character wayne saunders ?
where does the band that made `` the $ 9.98 cd : garage days re-revisited '' live ?
what is the capital city of the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position governor of south carolina ?
the country where filipino is spoken has whom as president ?
what movies has taylor lautner been in that have the currency of the united states dollar ?
what thriller movie has ian somerhalder played in ?
what books did the actor that played the character julian fellowes2 write ?
where is the location of the movie `` elephant '' and where mount jefferson is ?
what j.j. abrams movie was filmed in berlin ?
andrew niccol wrote which movie in which matt bomer appeared ?
what country has a calling code greater than 357 and uses the euro as currency ?
what film featured willie d. burton as a crew member and regina hall as an actress ?
what languages are spoken by scottish people in the united kingdom ?
what country has a person with the title `` member of the legislative assembly of british columbia '' ?
who rufus wainwright0 the artist who 's been nominated for awards for `` rufus does judy at carnegie hall '' ?
what country where french is the language is one of iran 's greatest trading partners ?
what are the major religions of the country with the governmental position title prosecutor general of russia ?
what is the trading partner of china where vicki buck was born in ?
what language is spoken where nova roma is used ?
who is the sister of the actor who portrayed det gino felino ?
what is the currency used in the nation of origin for teh korat breed ?
what nba teams did the player who also was the character coolidge chickadee in a movie play for ?
who was the chairman of the first communist party of china ?
what country where boon rawd singha lager is made was part of the vietnam war ?
of the kids that were there in the kennedy family , which one had a governmental position that started after july 5,1962 ?
what tv series in which mark harmon stars is a tv program with more than 6 seasons ?
what type currency is used in the country where archa beer is produced ?
what airport is closest to the place where the movie `` perfume : the story of a murderer '' takes place ?
where on the map is the location where the wetterhoun breed originated ?
what form of government is practiced in the country where pidgin , nigerian language is spoken ?
where does the body of water located under chirundu bridge end ?
where to stay in the location , that has a governmental office holder called , ãtienne arago ?
what is owned by aol 's parent company ?
when did the boston red sox when the pennant 4-0 ?
in the movie courage under fire , where was the first fight ?
where did the seneca people live that has an administrative division in canada ?
which movie has ashley greene been in , that was edited by peter lambert ?
what is the most common language int eh country that brews nigerian breweries star beer ?
from what university did the actor who played in `` bill clinton : his life '' graduate ?
what j.j. abrams movies had daniel mindel doing the cinematography ?
what university with large number of postgraduates did jesse owens educated at ?
which college did jeff corwin attend that has the lowest number of postgraduates ?
who was the governor in 2011 of the location where the movie `` georgia0 '' is set ?
what team plays at lincoln financial field and had hanjk baskett play for during novermber of 2010. ?
who is the wife of the artist nominated for `` i saw her standing there '' ?
who was britney spears0 and marriage britney spears ?
what is the state motto of the place where farmingham is located in ?
when i visit the circulation area of the san antonio northeast herald newspaper , what timezone do i need to turn my watch to ?
who did ben stiller date that was nominated for the saturn award for best support actress award ?
the river that flows through wodonga is located where ?
what form of government is used in the location where the canchim breed originated ?
whence was the person about whom the movie `` king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis '' was made ?
which type of music , did the author of dante symphony compose ?
what characters were inspirations to the person who once quoted `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool . `` ?
what currency is used where artur da costa e silva holds a government office ?
what film made a debut in buenos aires and featured actor liam hemsworth ?
where was the person who the movie `` the boy king '' is about raised ?
what country in the united kingdom produces the beer llangollen grange no 1 ?
what item represents the jurisdiction where john kufuor is an office holder ?
what school george washington carver attended has an organizational headquarters located in the city of indianola ?
what type of political system is used in iran that is similar to the form of government of abkhazia ?
who are the parents of the movie actress who played emma clayhill ?
what jane austen books and movies are in french ?
what place that president barack obama lived in that has an official symbol of quercus coccinea ?
what movies starring matt dallas that was directed by chris trujillo ?
which type of government system is utilize , d in the region , in which the newspaper , legal daily is circulated ?
which authors influenced by mark twain inspired john steinbeck ?
which of the 2013 senators from virginia is a novelist ?
what was the location of residence for the person who said `` who is john galt ? `` ?
where did the president who had the `` happy birthday , mr. president '' song recorded for him have his inaugural address ?
the actor who played in the film recognition of the japanese zero was born and raised where ?
what movies were omar epps in that were produced by touchstone pictures ?
what language is spoken in the birthplace of the montenegrin mountain hound ?
in which country can a person find the dubai marina neighborhood ?
what countries to which south africa exports use portuguese language as a spoken language ?
what type of guitar is played by the artist from gentlemen broncos who was nominated for an award ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled lord chief justice of england and wales of england and wales ?
which of the two current senators from illinois is the politician who ended their governmental position first ?
what film was released by medium video and featured taylor lautner ?
what thriller movies has taylor lautner starred in ?
what is the religion of the country where the film `` none2 '' takes place ?
what is the major spoken language in the country where the newspaper proto thema is circulated ?
what country speaks arabic language that has the berber languages as an official language ?
which politician is currently a senator in new jersey and ended their previous position on 2006-01-18 ?
where 's the location , where the breed azawakh , originated at ?
where is the location of the place that has governmental officer named luisa diogo ?
what currency is used in the country that has the title `` prime minister of turkey ? `` ?
what college where jesse owens was educated is the university with the largest number of undergraduates ?
which film featuring nick cannon was produced by oren koules ?
which arabic language speaking country was ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani ?
what form of currency is used in the location where the movie `` the carbon collective '' is set ?
in what county is the circulation are of the newspaper duluth news tribune ?
the artist that was award nominated for michael jackson0 's , siblings ?
of which bands was the actor from `` hard ' n ' heavy : vol . 2 '' part ?
which of the attractions ' exhibition venues in sydney opened earliest ?
who was the husband of the subject of the movie `` victoria the great '' ?
which founder of the communist party of china was born in shaoshan ?
what entitiy owns chrysler group llc corporation 2012 and was also the planitff in the case of et al v. halliburton company et al case ?
what jobs were held by the subject of the film `` young albert einstein '' ?
what should i go see at 3251 south miami avenue in miami , florida ?
during what year did the person who was an actor in the movie none2 become president ?
who was vice president of the subject of the film `` young abraham lincoln '' when he died ?
which movie , has mario lopez acted in , that was written by peter sullivan ?
what team does the person in the image dubinsky01 play in ?
what currency is used in the nation where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made ?
which parent of martin luther king , jr. jr died of a heart attack ?
which movies has jennifer lawrence acted in , that was directed by jesse rosenthal ?
for what is the artist nominated for awards for `` revolutionary petunias and other poems '' famous ?
what is the nationality of the artist that was awarded for days of wine and roses and other tv requests ?
what region is the country where the zaza language is spoken in ?
the river that flows through paducah , also flows through which states ?
what writer of the film `` flesh '' inspired john steinbeck to write ?
what show produced by henry winkler was written by janet peoples ?
the artist that said , `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' did what style of art ?
what currency is used in the country with government of egypt ?
what country with a calling code greater than 64 does the madagascar1 import from ?
which movies have robert pattinson been in , with the smallest tv program episode running time ?
which movie was released on blu-ray disc and featured robert pattinson ?
what currency is used in the country that contains salcedo ?
when the artist who was nominated for awards for `` ( just like ) starting over '' was shot , where was he standing ?
what illness did the actor who played in the movie `` nina simone : live '' have ?
which country located in the balkans , has a country calling code of greater than 355 ?
what language is most common in the country of origin for red stripe beer ?
the author who published editions of the nicomachean ethics also wrote which books ?
which language is spoken , in the country , where zajecarska pivara pils plus beer , is produced ?
which movie with production designer joseph t. garrity did chris farley play in ?
who is the actor from `` dead man 's jack '' dating ?
which film did ashley green star in that was decorated by lesley beale ?
which film had cinematography doen by gary graver and was directed by ron howard ?
in which location did the breed , swedish vallhund , originated , currency type ?
during which event did the actor who played the character michael schumacher ferrari obtain his very first title ?
what dialects are used in the nation where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is manufactured ?
what movies did the actor that played the character none2 star in ?
what movie edited by marc melnick was mario lopez in ?
what bad political system did the reich governor use ?
what regina hall work was produced by the company new line cinema ?
whata location with a governmental body named hungarian ministry of public administration and justice did maria theresa rule ?
which type system of government , is utilized in the country , where the mapudungun language is spoken ?
what currency is used in the setting for the movie death in a cornfield ?
where all did the person live who said , `` forgiveness is god 's command '' ?
in `` the hunger games , '' what character is played by the actor who played the character teddy atkins ?
what are the primary sports played in the country that brews `` new zealand4 beer '' ?
which sports team was the earliest founded , that charles barkley played on ?
what city previosuly had rob ford as an office holder and is the home of bradley walsh ?
what was the type of cancer that the award nominated artist of `` rebel music-the bob marley story '' died of ?
in `` the wiz , '' who did the award-nominated artist who did `` none0 '' play ?
what structures have entertainment in austin , texas that opened after 1886 ?
what kind of government does the place that has a government called the government of iran have today ?
which teacher of leonardo da vinci died first ?
what state does the missouri river touch that has a government position title of whip ?
which type of government , is utilized at the location , where the dog breed pungsan originated at ?
which official state flower , has an official symbol of saguaro ?
what movie featuring chris colfer debuted at outfest in 2012 ?
what was the latest sports team founded that cristiano ronaldo played for in 2011 ?
where does the country where good bastards dark ale beer is made import from ?
which of kristen stewart 's parents contributed to the storyline of the film `` k-11 '' ?
which inventions did the person that stated , `` absence makes the heart grow fonder '' , invent ?
which movie did regina hall act in , that had a sequel named scary movie 4 ?
which languages are spoken at the location , that has governmental body named , house of commons of northern ireland ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 that ended their governmental tenure after 2 september 2011 ?
what is the country with the largest calling code that hurricane irene hit ?
with costumes designed by julie weiss , which movie was directed by ron howard ?
which of the actors that have played the character alexander luthor have also been producers ?
what is the language used in the country that uses the herzegovina dinar ?
what form of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper la cuarta ?
which films has the actor who portrayed none4 appeared in ?
what form of art was done by the perosn who once quoted `` pablo picasso '' -u0 '' ?
of the sports teams , matt barnes played for , which was founded earliest ?
which university does university of california , los angeles7 attend , that has greater than 12987 undergraduates ?
what team did the football player that was purchased by the team real madrid c.f . play for ?
what country in britain that exports to belgium ?
of jane austen 's books that have been made into movies , which has the longest run time ?
what place is the subject in the film `` the raven '' buried ?
what sports team founded after november 17 , 1895 does ronaldinho play for in 2011 ?
which person that influenced pablo picasso '' -u 's art died in bordeaux ?
what books were written by the author of julian fellowes2 ?
what university with the number of postgraduates greater than 368 did sir isaac newton attend ?
at what organization founded later than none0 did wassily kandinsky work ?
what meidcal issues did the writers for the story of my life ( illustrated classics collection 2 ) go through ?
which country of the french alps produces brasserie jeanne d'arc belzebuth beer ?
what political system is in place in the location where the movie `` the quarry '' takes place ?
what type of currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog originated in ?
where did the fictional character emile danko reside and kennedy 's inaugural address take place ?
what movie starring nick cannon that was filmed in chicago ?
what killed the person who said `` circumstances hell ! i make circumstances '' ?
what character on general hospital is played by the same actor who portrayed james franco0 ?
what location of the university of alabama has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted last ?
what kind of government does the country that speaks talysh have ?
what movies did the subject of the image `` madonna-press-photo4_edit '' appear in ?
what is the language spoken in the region where the newspaper the ghanaian chronicle is distributed ?
what language is shared by the israeli people and the fictional universe buffyverse ?
of all of the liam hemsworth 's movies , which one was decorated by glen w. johnson ?
which nations have a country code greater than 501 and are located in north america '' -u ?
what are the most commonly spoken languages in the nation of origin for the egyptian mau ?
what form of government does the country with state council of the people 's republic of china have ?
what had its production designed by tony fanning and features ashley greene ?
what movies directed by randall wallace has taylor momsen been in ?
on what continent is the country where brewerkz pilsner lager beer is produced ?
who was the creator of the communist party of china influenced by alexander herzen ?
what are the most common languages spoken where the nynorsk language is spoken ?
where is port st. lucie located , and the place that has the official symbol of `` in god we trust '' ?
what movie about assassination did quentin tarantino star in ?
in what time zone is the area in which the newspaper gay and lesbin times circulates ?
what languages are spoken in the subject of the image denmark '' -u in google earth ?
what location of the vietnam war was the subject of the movie `` regret to inform '' ?
which movies , have robert pattinson starred in , and was directed by christopher brown ?
which country with a location 's emissions per capita in dated metric ton is 2.379383 does mexico trade with ?
what political system is used in the country where the egyptian mau breed originated ?
what that is a subject of `` a tale of two cities '' happened to nagasaki ?
which vice president said `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names ? `` ?
what languages are spoken where the brazilian brazilian cruzado is used for currency ?
where can you find howard university and the neighborhood dupont circle ?
what is the earliest released movie that jenna dewan was in ?
what language do they speak in the area where the newspaper `` akher saa '' circulates ?
what kind of money is used where the cubano breed originated ?
which languages do they speak at the constitutional court of turkey ?
which leader of the first communist party of china has the earliest date of death ?
of the countries that are included in the united kingdom , which is where iris was filmed ?
in what administrative divisions of the country united states of america did tennessee williams live ?
what language belonging to the west germanic languages language family do fijians speak ?
what country trades with portugal and have an iso alpha 3 of are ?
what robert pattinson movies have been released in united states of americaa ?
what currency is used where the saek language is spoken ?
what movie was taylor momsen in that was designed by cecil gentry ?
who are the senator for georgia that ended his/her government position before the other ?
what did the artist that was nominated for an award for `` i 'm your baby tonight '' die of ?
what almitra corey 's film features selena gomez ?
what movies starring ryan gosling that was filmed in connecticut ?
when i visit the home of san miguel pale pilsen beer , what language should i learn to speak ?
of the times the baltimore ravens won the super bowl , which event ended first ?
which shows did henry winkler produce that had more than 45 tv program episodes ?
who is the current wife of the actor who played the character none0 ?
where is the howard university located , and that has a govermental body named d.c. emancipation commemoration commission ?
what other films feature the actor in none2 ?
what movie is omar epps in , that was directed by john singleton ?
what time zone is tulsa international airport in ?
what is the most recent film jennifer lawrence has starred in ?
what location of the laos31 has fewer than 495000 in its army ?
what home of the navajo indians is also the home of the fictional character bad bill ?
which member of the kennedy family once quoted `` a child miseducated is a child lost . `` ?
what countries brews turkeyk tuborg beer and borders armenia ?
what inventions were made by the person appointed to his position by benjamin franklin0 ?
when the subject of the movie `` caesar and cleopatra '' was stabbed , where was he ?
what is the type of government system in the country that uses the chilean escudo ?
who influenced john steinbeck to write and contribute to excalibur ?
what is the charlie chaplin6 in the movie `` charlie chaplin0 '' famous for ?
what regina hall film was released after 24 january 2015 ?
on which film featuring jenna dewan was kami asgar a member of the crew ?
who 's the person that said `` action is eloquence . `` , three siblings names ?
in which movies has ryan gosling acted in , that was production designed , by william david arnold ?
where did the person that said `` from politics it was an easy step to silence '' grow up at ?
which of iran 's trading partners has an emissions per capita of 0.068094 dated metric tons ?
what made jimi hendrix a great , that was featured in the work , microserfs ?
what country bordering england is the location of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry ?
what location ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani is arabic language used ?
who was the leader of the place where there is a government position title of the prime minister of cuba in 2012 ?
what form of currency should i take to the place where the akbash dog breed originated ?
do you know who is dating the actor from geoffrey beene 30 ?
in what county was the film `` my son , my son , what have ye done ? '' set ?
what continent is the location where the film `` the quarry '' takes place in part of ?
to what countries does the country where s.a. breweries castle lager beer is made export ?
what political party is the author of the the work dreams from my father from ?
what language is the dominant one in the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is produced ?
what is the political system in the country where south african english is spoken ?
on which continent is santa fe beer factory luna llena beer made ?
what inspiration of michelangelo buonarroti died from capital punishment ?
what other languages are spoke in the country that speaks romansh ?
what dancer was britney spears marriage to ?
where was the temple of karnak built that is also the location of the movie `` cleopatra '' ?
of the baseball teams for which jackie robinson played , which had a shortstop on their team roster ?
what techniques featured in the movie orpheus were used by frida kahlo ?
what language do they speak in argentina and is also in the fictional universe `` heroes in hell '' ?
in which championship did the los angeles lakers win over their opponent 4 to 0 ?
where was the artist who was nominated for `` neverwhere '' raised ?
what is the place of death for the composer of heart-shaped box ?
what quentin tarantino movie was part of the mexico trilogy ?
who died from a stroke and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what movie directed by david slade was taylor lautner in ?
of the countries , that are in the balkans , which has a country calling code , of smaller than 389 ?
what state is the person that said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' senator for ?
what movie featued robert pattinson as an actor and was also released in the italian language ?
what did the subject of the pic , whitney houston performing on gma , die of ?
what language is spoken in the country of origin for the serbian tricolour hound ?
which artists influenced the work of van vincent van gogh in the film `` van vincent van gogh ? `` ?
what role did the actor who played in `` paul mccartney : paul is live in concert '' play in paul mccartney4 band ?
which writer born in sharpham influenced charles dickens ?
what actor played on the show `` the jeffersons '' who was buried in the church of christian fellowship ?
what are the names of the sons of the artist nominated for `` is it something i said ? `` ?
which movie based on jane austen 's book that was filmed in stourhead ?
what university did the primary focus of the film barack obama anak menteng graduate from ?
what is the time zone in the place that has official symbol of nene ?
what school , that was founded the latest , did sir isaac newton go to ?
who are the senators from the state where the movie `` snake eyes '' takes place ?
which languages are spoken , in the country where faroese is spoken ?
what none4 borders tennessee and has a governmental body called the mississippi none4 senate ?
what major religion is practiced in the circulation area of the newspaper haaretz ?
what movie , produced by todd arnow , was taylor momsen in ?
for what teams has the person who said , `` this offense is all about scoring points '' play football ?
which movie did j.j. abrams and curt beech direct ?
what killed the baron who said , `` if triangles made a god , they would give him three sides '' ?
for what basketball teams has the artist nominated for awards for `` miami heat4 '' played ?
who are the parents of the actor who played in the film `` angela & viril '' ?
which currency is utilized , in the country , where the romansh language is spoken ?
what is the official currency of the location where the chilean escudo is accepted ?
which language spoken in singapore is found in the tortall universe ?
which language is spoken in the country otro mundo golden ale beer is brewed ?
during the battle of kulikovo , who was the first person to initaite the conflict ?
what school did the author attend that wrote `` barack obama6 '' ?
what kind of government does the country where jã¤mtlands bryggeri hell beer is made have ?
what movie written by frank bunker gilbreth , jr. did taylor lautner play in ?
what is the language used in the country where athenian brewery s.a. alfa hellenic beer is made ?
who was the voice of the fictional character who was bertram griffin 's parent ?
where is the location in which the newspaper , the straits times , is circulated ?
what new england state does farmingham located in ?
what language is spoken in northern ireland , and was featured in the work , middlemarch : a study of provincial life ?
where is the person in the image jaycutlergfdl ?
which countries does the country where the mäori language is spoken export to ?
what team did kaka play for in 2009 that has the arena the maracanã£ stadium ?
who is the catholics doctor that played old bilbo ?
what is the government of the country that has the iran0 ?
what kind of guitar does the composer of `` waiting on the world to change '' play ?
where was the siege of vicksburg held that was featured in the sound and the fury ?
what two teams does kroenke own , that also has a defensive back on its sports team roster ?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` mary mother of christ '' takes place ?
which type of political system , is utilized at the location in which the newspaper , reference news , is circulated ?
which languages are spoken , at the location , where the newspaper , heute is circulated ?
what school with the smallest number of undergraduates did sir ernest rutherford go to ?
what state with state symbol that was adopted after 1987 is mount st. helens located in ?
what is the postal code in the area where the film `` a brand new life '' was filmed ?
the person who said `` there is nothing more unaesthetic than a policeman '' was influenced by whom ?
what all languages are used in the nation in which the romansh language is spoken ?
what form of government is practiced in the country where the idoma language is spoken . ?
what was the subject of the film jesse james rides again , killed with ?
who is marriage to the country singer nominated for an award for `` foolish games ? `` ?
what happened at benghazi and is the first event ended earliest ?
when did the orioles with the pennant with a result of 4-1 ?
what form of currency is used in the country that includes the hungarian ministry of public administration and justice ?
the newspaper today 's zaman is circulated in what country ?
what language is used in the philliphines and the fictional universe the totall universe ?
what 's the name of the currency , in the country where brazilian portuguese , is spoken ?
what schools were attended by the person who said , `` those who believe in telekinetics , raise my hand '' ?
what type fo government is sued in the country where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used ?
which people have been elected governor of the location of origin for the gran mastã­n de borã­nquen breed ?
in what event that ended earliest did chicago cubs go to the world series ?
where did the person that said `` we are all imperfect . we can not expect perfect government '' go to high school ?
what omar epps movie was nominated for the award called `` 9th satellite awards '' ?
who was john f kennedy 's father , and who 's the politician that ended his/her government position before 2009-08-25 ?
what languages are spoken in the country in which el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is made ?
what degrees are held by the author of the audacity of hope ?
where was toussaint louverture 's birthplace ?
what exhibition venue in ottawa ontario opened the earliest ?
where , in cambridge , was barack obama educated at ?
what did the person who said `` we should weep for men at their birth , not at their death '' die from ?
where was the siege of vicksburg and the place that yoknapatawpha county is located in ?
what language is spoken in the topic of the image `` location iceland europe '' wikipedia ?
what jobs did the person who said `` iraq had wmds in 2003 '' work at ?
what british general in the american revolutionary war is the person who served in the military unit 33rd regiment of foot ?
what kind of currency does the place that has the position title of high commissioner to the philippines use ?
which various sports , are at the location , that has the government position named , the governor-general of the philippines ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a position entitled president of albania ?
what film did ashley greene act in , and has a sequel named eclipse ?
when the actor who portrayed the character gripweed was shot , where was he standing ?
what sea does the xiling yangtze river flow into ?
what jobs did the academic advisor to albert einstein8 do ?
to what party does the political appointee whose title is julia gillard2 belong ?
who did ben stiller date , and is the actor that played the character , ben stiller2 ?
which movie produced by robert zemeckis features regina hall ?
what languages are spoken in the region where the greek drachma is used as currency ?
for what did the actor from the movie `` a conspiracy of love '' go to rehab ?
what languages are used in the country that has the government position title high commissioner to the philliphines ?
what vice-president under richard nixon was a member of the episcopal church ?
what books , published after 2005 are written by suzanne collins ?
what schools did the subject of the movie `` collision course : truman vs. macarthur '' attend ?
what school with the largest number of undergraduates did michael jordan attend ?
who were the husbands of the artist nominated for an awards regardin gthe show betty white 's off their rockers ?
in which years , did the new york knicks win the championship , and the results were 4 - 3 ?
what country is g.1hhc4rrfb1 located where the army numbers greater than 152500 ?
when i voted in the 2008 united states senate election in kansas , what time zone was i in ?
who was betty white 's husband who died of stomach cancer ?
what venue in kansas city is less than 18972 ?
what are some of the tourist attractions in the place that has governmental officer named tomã¡s pedro regalado ?
what is the language spoken in the governmental jurisdiction with a government official named zeng peiyan ?
what country is mouth mount everest found on , and also produces the beer harbin ?
what nations share the samoan as a speech medium in some segments of their respective populations ?
what languages are spoken in the region where the scottish socialist voice newspaper is circulated ?
the subject of the film young abraham lincoln was influence by what to become president ?
which university features the herbert irving comprehensive cancer center as a place of research and includes barack obama as an alumni ?
which country with the smallest army speaks german officially ?
what is the political structure of the jurisdiction that has a governmental body named the state administration of foreign exchange ?
in what year did the los angeles kings win the cup before june 11 , 2012 ?
who is the president of the country where the peruvian hairless dog originated ?
who was the author that published , two new sciences ?
what is the name of the political party that was led by adolf hitler ?
what language is spoken in the united kingdom and the fictional universe the tortall universe ?
what political system is used in the circulation are of the newspaper legal daily ?
what movie written by michael angeli was mario lopez in ?
which senator in 2012 , has an official symbol of reef triggerfish ?
where did the public speaker attend school that spoke about barack obama8 ?
what currency is used in the area where the newspaper `` o pasquim '' is circulated ?
what type of government does the country that speaks idoma have ?
who is marriage to the actor who played in the film `` none0 '' ?
in which city , is the location , where the movie , `` breathless '' , occurs and get its name ?
what currency is used where the newspaper akhbar el-yom is circulated ?
when i visit the governmental jurisdiction in which elias m. ammons holds governmental office , what time zone should i set my watch to ?
what fantasy movie is none3 in ?
which language is spoken in the country where the saek language is also spoken ?
what countries border the setting for the movie `` into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport ? `` ?
which airport is closest in range to the town that circulates the daily cougar newspaper ?
which languages do they speak , where the court of session is located ?
what is the capital of the republic where dublin brewing 1798 revolution ale is made ?
what university has more than 16,500 graduates and is the university clay matthews attended ?
what team that plays in newcastle international sports centre does emile heskey play for ?
to whom was the actor who portrayed the character none4 marriage ?
what country in the empire maria theresa ruled has hungarian as a spoken language ?
what character in batman returns did the actor who portrayed none0 play ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction in which daniel fignolã© holds a governmental office ?
the character dusky ledoux 's parents were played by which actors ?
what instrument does the artist nominated for an award for `` believe '' play ?
what movie starring taylor launtner that was decorated by gene serdena ?
the author who pubished editions for dreams from my father was borrn where ?
what movies decorated by judy farr does leo howard appear in ?
what robert pattinson movie was decorated by jim erickson ?
who influenced samuel taylor coleridge and william godwin ?
what currency is used in the country that makes daruvarska pivovara staro cesko beer ?
the area that carries the newspaper new zealand gazette has who as their none2 ?
what structure , opened after november 21 , 1959 , can you see in phoenix , arizona ?
who was vice president after the author of `` profiles in courage '' passed away ?
what united kingdom country that was ruled by willam and mary ?
what kind of cancer killed the actor who played in `` three 's a crowd '' ?
what movies starred taylor lautner and were produced by new line cinema ?
what year did the former president who quoted `` john marshall has made his decision : now let him enforce it ! run for office ?
where did woodrow wilson attend university , that has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
who was the husband of judy garland who died at the latest date ?
for the governmental body named knesset , name the dominant language . ?
what movies that charlie hunnam were in are in italian ?
what airport is mentioned in the film paris , je t'aime ?
where did the person who said `` do what you can , with what you have , where you are . '' live ?
what language is spoken in the place where the egypt6 breed comes from ?
what is the major city depicted in the topic of the image `` french_flag ? `` ?
which movie produced by chuck norris was selena gomez in ?
what religions are practiced in the country that brews none0 beer ?
in which movies , did chad michael murray act in , that was written by irwin winkler ?
for which team located in autzen stadium did john madden play ?
what is the capital city of the country where south african english is spoken ?
what was the latest movie leo howard played in ?
in the state where the film `` what 's the matter with knasas '' is located , who were the two senators in 2013 ?
what time zone is the state that held the united states senate election in new mexico in 2008 ?
who influenced the person that said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed ?
what form of money is used in the country where mapudungun language is a spoken language ?
what sports do people play in poland that has a center in it 's sports team roster ?
what kind of artwork , which henri matisse produced , influenced bauhaus ?
in what years did the subject of the image `` 150px-new york knicks logo.png '' win the championship ?
what university did barack obama attend where `` the lohf years '' were written ?
what major event happened in nagasaki ended most recently ?
what countries from which japan imports have a country calling code larger than 249 ?
what government system did italy have in 2011 and is also the system for dominica ?
what championship did the celtics win , with the milwaukee bucks as the runner up ?
what kind of money is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is made ?
what was the latest award that morgan freeman won ?
what movie directed by john singleton did tupac star in ?
what time zone is ontario where the newspaper xtra ! is in ?
what does the visual artist that created `` cars '' do ?
to what political party did the subject of the movie `` the rough riders '' belong ?
where are the residences of the actor from `` carlos santana6 ? `` ?
of the best things to do in san diego , which building opened earliest ?
what was the person who said `` time is the only critic without ambition '' best known for ?
what amusement park in san diego opened latest ?
which spanish prime minister '' -g from 2011 was part of the none0 ?
what movie has ashley greene been in that was filmed at kalama ?
what are the current occupations of the actor who portrayed the character monkee dancer # 1 ?
which language is spoken , at the location , were the government position with the title , member of the althing ?
in which governmental jurisdiction that has an officer named jean sylvain bailly is the location of the french alps ?
what country that 's part of the united kingdom is the governmental jurisdiction that includes a position entitled first minister of scotland ?
which of the two major religions in canada was founded by john calvin ?
where did the subject of the image 464px-kate_middleton_at_the_garter_procession_2008.jpg attend prep school ?
who did the composer of `` sands theme '' play in `` corpse bride '' ?
for what was the author of `` poor richard 's almanac of 1735 '' famous ?
when i go visit native speakers of jamaican english , what type of currency should i take with me ?
what country that 's part of the united kingdom is the birthplace of peter cowle ?
what 's the national language , of the location where the film , `` the alchemist of happiness '' occurs ?
which is the most recently opened place where the florida panthers play ?
what is the primary language used in the country that brews thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer ?
which region has an official symbol of state rock and is where the university of the rockies is located ?
which of kat dennings ' films was released first ?
the founding figure of the religion of , muhammad in islam in islam worship is ?
what type of political system is used in the country where nama language is used ?
what language is spoken in the country with hellenic parliament ?
what currency is used in the country of origin for archa beer ?
what currency does the country that makes santa fe beer factory luna llena beer use ?
what is the spoken language in the country where formosan mountain dog originated from ?
who is the president of the topic , of the image , brazil flag ?
when i visit the birthplace of the korat breed , what currency should i take with me ?
what current none1 nonematt moore0 completed less than 85 passes ?
what michael jackson movies were released after october 24 , michael jackson1 ?
which of the fun things to do in montpelier , vt is the structure that opened last ?
in what administrative division of the nation united states of america is canadian county , oklahoma located ?
in what city was the nominee for `` why i oppose the war in vietnam '' assassinated ?
where is the source of the body of water that flows under burlington northern railroad bridge 9.6 ?
what is the main bosnia and herzegovina language spoken in bossia and herzegovina ?
what represents the area that the newspaper `` the ghanian chronicle '' circulates in ?
who was the spouse of the actor who played le prince ?
who inspired the work of the person portrayed in the movie `` vincent van gogh : painted with words ? `` ?
what is the type of government shared by canada and austria-hungary ?
what currency should i take to the country where turkeyk tuborg troy beer is made ?
what country has a top internet domain level of ag and is located in north america '' -u ?
the subject of the film song without end composed what type of music ?
where is the home of the fictional character chole king and where robin williams lived in 2011 ?
what political party was the person to whom none8 dedicated his work a member of ?
what political party was the subject of the film none2 belong to ?
what work does the artist do who was nominated for awards for `` fast times at ridgemont high '' ?
what languages are spoken where frisian is spoken ?
what is the spoken language of the country where montenegrin is also used ?
which country speaks persian language and has the smallest gdp deflator change of rate ?
what are the predominant religions in the location where the samoyed breed originated from ?
the author who published editions for none0 won what awards ?
in what year did the subject of the image `` william-jennings_bryan-speaking-c1896 '' run for president ?
what type of money is used in the country that has a government office holder named mohamed nasheed ?
what languages are spoken where egypt4 beer is brewed ?
what form of currency is used in the country that originated the egyptian mau cat breed ?
what language is spoken in the country that produces brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer ?
what disease does the actor who portrayed the character pete maloney have ?
what do they speak in cambodia that belongs to the indo-european languages ?
what is the profession of the person from `` out of ireland : story of emigration into america ? `` ?
what university did the actor that played in the film nba street series : vol . 3 play college basketball for ?
who is marriage to the actor who portrayed dave ruggles ?
of the movies that ron howard directed , that is about boxing ?
who said `` in the end , everything is a gag . '' and was an influence on michael jackson ?
what attractions are within the jurisdiction of the mayor of san diego ?
what movie that starred quentin tarantino was robert kurtzman a crew member on ?
what 2011 taylor lautner film was released latest ?
where did the subject of the film , infiltrating al-qaeda , attack ?
which inspiration of barack obama died of stomach cancer ?
which movies did robert pattinson star in , that was production designed by scott p. murphy ?
where can a family stay at the place where the sponsor of the seminars of jacques lacan was born ?
which super bowl featured the new yor giants defeating the buffalo bills ?
what newspapers are published in the country that has governmental officer named phil gordon ?
if i wanted to buy a dogo cubano breed from its homeland , what kind of money should i take with me ?
what tourist attractions are in the area that has the position title mayor of san diego ?
who owns skywest airlinesest with the earliest founding date ?
what 's the currency called of the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is manufactured ?
what languages are spoken in the home country of brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer ?
what languages are used in the country that produces antares barley wine beer ?
in the part of texas where the houston city council is located , which time zone is used ?
where did the author of `` anthem ( centennial edition ) '' make their home ?
what language is spoken in the place where there is a governmental position title called the south african minster of trade and industry ?
which three languages are spoken in the area in which the newspaper akher saa is circulated ?
what was invented by the person who said `` benjamin franklin0 '' ?
what is the primary language in the circulation area of the newspaper reference news ?
who was king henry viii of england first son who died ?
what school has more that 5544 postgraduates and inlcude geroge washington carver as an alumni ?
what is the form of the government does the country with governmental office holder named felipe calderã³n have ?
for what teams did the person portrayed in `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play in 2010 ?
which is the earliest released movie that kat dennings starred in ?
which languages are spoken in belgium , where the heroes in hell fictional universe is ?
the actor that was the character , lamar odom0 , playing for in 2012 ?
what are the predominant religions in the country where , pivzavod ao vena nevskoye light beer is produced ?
what 's the main language spoken at the location that has a governmental body called , the council of states ?
where did the person who `` jordan rides the bus '' is about attend school ?
what team that plays in the progressive field stadium did ramirez play for . ?
what trading partner of portugal is a jurisdiction governed by the governing body called the supreme council of united arab emirates ?
who has been elected as the president of the nation that was primarily affected by president8 ?
which singer from pink floyd was influenced by c.s . lewis ?
which language is spoken , at the location , where the breed , bosnia and herzegovina coarse-haired hound originated ?
what are the spoken languages of the ethnic group that includes two kettles indians ?
what form of art do the work of the subject of the film the mystery of pablo picasso '' -u practice ?
what school did the actor that star in the film death of a prophet graduate from ?
to which party did the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool . '' belong ?
the actor who played the character joe satriani6 played in what band ?
who won the election for none0 in the area that has a position of secretary of justice of puerto rico ?
which general for the british in the american revolutionary war ended their position the latest ?
what movie in which madonna appeared featured costumes designed by santo loquasto ?
what kind of government does the country where brahma bock beer is made have ?
when i visit san jose , ca , what structure should i visit that opened earliest ?
what movie was chris farley in that was released the earliest ?
what shows did henry winkler and dan mccann co-produce ?
what did the award nominated artist for adam sandler4 do ?
which countries does portugal trade with , where the population is less than 5,362,099 ?
what nation where german is the official language is the nation where villach is a second level division ?
what country trades with mexico and was ruled by philip iv of spain ?
what attractions are there to visit downtown in the location where the film `` chicago8 '' takes place ?
of william shakespeare 's children , which died from the bubonic plague ?
who was the general for the british , in the american revolutionary war , that died in london ?
what movie that debuted at the stockholm international film festival was taylor lautner in ?
which of the us none4s , was a member of the governmental body in 1996 , named the missouri house of representatives ?
where was the war subject of the movie `` jacob 's ladder '' located ?
where did the person about whom the movie `` the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford '' was made pass away ?
what inspiration of michelangelo was influenced by alesso baldovinetti ?
which 2011 movie decorated by david schlesinger stared taylor lautner ?
what was the latest war did stonewall jackson fight in ?
in what state is the region with the oakwood–vaughan neighborhood ?
in which country is the location , that has governmental office holder called edith schippers ?
what countries does the country where the namibia2 breed originated border ?
who was the secretary of state under richard nixon who ended his position the earliest ?
what movies featuring taylor lautner were also released in japan ?
in what region would you find the country that 's the home of b.b.n.p . czechvar premium czech lager beer ?
what was the role of the actor of senator jasper irving in endless love ?
for what film featuring jennifer lawrence did hans zimmer compose music ?
what currency is used in the country where turkeyk tuborg troy beer is produced ?
name the official form of government , governmental title , and jurisdiction of artur da costa e silva . ?
in the country in which the māori language is spoken , which system of government is used ?
what additional discoveries were made by the author of mathematical principles of natural philosophy ?
where would you find the state where the 2010 united states of america senate election of south carolina ?
which class of writing does the author , that published , taras bulba famous for ?
which country , does the united kingdom import from , and is the location where vicki buck , was born ?
in which movies has the actress who portrayed madonna9 appear ?
what is the money called where the eastern farsi language is spoken ?
what jane austin 's book that was made into a movie that has the description `` 10th satellite award '' ?
which flag represents the country , where asante dialect is spoken ?
who are the coaches of the franchsie that plays its games in busch stadium ?
what movie was directed by ron howard and mark romanek ?
what kind of drugs does the actor from the film `` charlie sheen2 '' use ?
what currency is used in the place where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used for money ?
at which university , did the author that published , dreams from my father , receive his bachelor 's degree ?
who killed the subject of the movie `` the times of harvey milk '' ?
what was the high school of the person the film `` kobe doin ' work '' is about ?
what does the author that published , business at the speed of thought ( penguin business library ) own ?
where did the political appointer that was the united states secretary of the air force live as a child ?
what is the political structure of the jurisdiction that has the government body called china0 of the people 's republic of china ?
what language is spoken in the country that brews macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer ?
what nick cannon movies were directed by sue chan ?
what type of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called knesset ?
which team that terrell owens played for in 2010 plays in the paul brown stadium ?
what money is used in the country where red stripe beer is produced ?
what form of currency is used in the country where alfa edel pils beer is made ?
what is a language used in `` sesame street '' that is spoken in costa rica ?
what film written by buddy johnson did regina hall star in ?
what state that contains suffolk county and bank of america pavillon ?
what languages are spoken where the fijian pound is commonly accepted currency ?
what form of government is the federal government of mexico ?
what type of cancer did the topic of the image huell howser and aaron proctor died of ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper belfast telegraph ?
what is the earliest released film that jenna dewan starred in ?
who believed in calvinism and was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
what is the time zone in the country where falcon beer is made ?
what all dialects are spoken in the nation where jamaican english is used ?
which team for which hank baskett played in 2010 plays in minneapolis ?
what city was the childhood hometown of the singer who wrtoe the lyrics for `` do i ever cross your mind '' ?
in the movie that has a soundtrack titled `` man of steel '' what actress played lois ?
what are the coins called in the country where malaysian english is spoken ?
what ocuntry can the lcoation that conjtains the second level almere division be found on ?
what movie did ron howard direct that was filmed in new york city ?
what other languages are spoken in the country that has domari language as its spoken language ?
what is the birthplace of the artist nominated for awards for `` dear mama '' ?
what language mainly spoken in the kingdom of great britain is spoken throughout the united kingdom ?
in the governmental jurisdiction in which the government includes the position entitled mayor of denver , to what airport does southwest fly ?
what is the longest running time out of the tv shows which were produced by henry winkler ?
what area where the chesapeake bay bridge is located is where john hopkins was born ?
what language is spoken where the film `` austria4 '' takes place ?
what is the primary language in the country that produces maccabee beer ?
what is the language in the country where antares barley wine beer is made ?
where did the person who played `` un ami d'orphee '' die ?
what school sanjay gupta attended is the university with fewer than 15427 postgraduates ?
what quentin tarantino movie featured music by combustible edison ?
where is the headquarters of the subject of the film `` ucc 6 : redemption '' ?
which language is the primary language in burkina faso and also has a speaking population in ghana ?
which language do the tibetan people speak , that is also spoken in china ?
what jobs did the person hold who said , `` punishment is justice for the unjust '' ?
where is the best place to vacation in the area in the image dominican republic8 ?
who was higher than the 15th vice president who was vice president under lincoln ?
where did the artist nominated for `` theodore lesieg6 '' attend school ?
what nick cannon movie had a prequel entitled `` goal ! `` ?
which show edited by patrick mcmahon was filmed in new york ?
which films were nominated for a 20th century fox award and featured robert pattinson as an actor ?
which 2013 virginia senator wrote `` fields of fire '' ?
who said `` what a grand thing it is to be clever and have common sense '' and prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what shows shot in new york were based on a story written by stephen king ?
what drugs were used by the actor who took part in the film `` winning recipes ? `` ?
what states includes the princeton-plainsboro teaching hospital and fell victim to hurricane irene ?
who is currently president of the circulation area for reference news ?
who played in the star wars movies who were born in none0 ?
what liam hemsworth movie was nominated for an award and was described in part with the name `` katniss everdeen '' ?
which film based on a novel by jane austen was produced by columbia pictures ?
which author worte variosu edication for the hotel new hampshire ?
where was the subject of the movie `` the god who was n't there '' after he died on the cross ?
in which city , was the person that stated , '' one-fifth of the people are against everything all the time . '' killed at ?
what did the artist nominated for `` little black book '' die of ?
in which administrative division in united states of americaa did the siege of vicksburg take place ?
which tourist attractions are in the area in which the newspaper sam houston race park8 is circulated in texas ?
what languages are spken in the country that is known for brewing brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer ?
what airports serve the area in which the movie `` chicago2 '' is set ?
which city is the actor that was in the film , deep sea 3d from ?
whose occupation was a librarian '' -g and who also influenced albert einstein ?
what dialect used in northern ireland belongs to the celtic family of languages ?
what language is spoken in the country in which st. bernardus abt 12 beer is produced ?
what are michael jackson 's movies that were released on the dvd ?
what three types of music did the actor that played in the film : jimi hendrix2 play ?
what country is one of the four that makes the united kingdom and export goods ot belgium ?
which persian language speaking country was involved in the six-day war ?
what political system is used by the government in both north korea and vietnam ?
where was the body of the actor from the movie `` jennni rivera : la diva en vivo '' found ?
where is the actor that played the character junior floyd live ?
of the teams that tim howard has been a member of , which one has the most recent founding date ?
what movies released to the dvd that diana ross star in ?
what timezone is the country where the swedish vallhund was first bred ?
where is birthplace of the person who said `` heartthrobs are a dime a dozen '' ?
which sports franchise eventually became the new york dragons and includes kurt warner as a former player ?
which government system is used in both malaysia and the kingdom of prussia ?
what airport do you fly into to reach the circulation area of the clearwater gazette ?
for which robert pattinson films did denise cronenberg design the costumes ?
what indo-european languages language is spoken in brazil ?
which type of currency , does the location where the breed , wetterhoun originated at , utilize ?
the person who said `` none0 '' had what type of education ?
what taylor lautner film has a sequel called `` the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 '' ?
what movie released after lost city raiders0 had lost city raiders1 been in ?
who is the wife of the actor the played in the film `` paul mccartney : paul is live in concert 's '' ?
when i visit the location containing the second level division salcedo , what currency should i take with me ?
which film featuring charlie hunnam was produced by sydney pollack ?
what car companies are owned by the organization that acquired volvo cars ?
where does the actor who played in `` arwin '' live ?
what kind of government does the country where the filipino language is spoken have ?
the actor playing kevin scott sung what ?
what type of government does the country where james adams is a government office holder have ?
what college includes jeff corwin as an alumni and has less than 20873 undergraduates ?
what is the currency of the circulation area of today 's zaman ?
which countries border where the film `` none8 '' takes place ?
of the four countries that are in the united kingdom , which country utilizes the pound sterling as its currency ?
what language is spoken , at the location , that includes the supreme court of pakistan ?
who inspired vincent van gogh that died in giverny ?
what ian somerhalder work had cinematography done by sven nykvist ?
where do they speak german that has an official symbol of a coat of arms ?
which team did the person who played `` coolidge chickadee player '' play for in 2013 ?
what is the body of water under the port jackson bridge called ?
what 's the subject of the picture , mount st. helens ?
in what time zone is the political division where there 's an administrative position entitled mayor of cincinnati ?
which tv series decorated by susan benjamin did shawnee smith appear in ?
in the country where none0 beer is made , import and export ?
what film featured music from burt bacharach and was directed by ron howard ?
who was josé ferrer1 marriage to , that worked as a film director '' -g ?
what actor marriage the actress that played the role of claire 's mom ?
which of henry vii of england 's children died last ?
who was the son of abraham who was buried in the cave of the patriarchs ?
who was bill clinton 's vice president ?
what is the time zone in the location with the secretary of state for human rights of france ?
where is the person who said `` it is well , i did hard , but i am not afraid to go . '' from ?
what is the nationality of the actor that was in the movie `` you got that light '' ?
where do the players on the sports team in north gyeongsang province play ?
what organization led by the person that said `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat . `` ?
of the many sports teams for which jason kidd has played , which team was founded most recently ?
what is the subject of the movie , gore vidal 's lincoln known for ?
in what time zone is the country where the swedish rikisdaler is the official currency ?
what school that boasts barack obama as an alumnus has its organizational headquarters in new york city ?
which of the four countries comprising the united kingdom is the birthplace of peter cowle ?
who has been the prime minister '' -g of japan including in 2011 and officially began their position after none0 ?
what are some of the inventions created by the subject of the movie `` leonardo '' ?
what movie based on a story written by duane adler did jenna dewan play in ?
what richard nixon2 under president richard nixon is a politician who ended their governmental position later than 3 september 1973 ?
what country does the radio station vatican radio is in ?
what religion featured in `` what went wrong ? '' is used in russia ?
what language is spoken in the place which contains the second level division of heemstede ?
what team did the person who was in the movie `` nfl : all day with adrian peterson '' play for in college ?
which language is spoken in argentina , and is also utilized at , the heroes in hell fictional universe ?
what taylor lautner movie is in the genre cartoon pornography ?
what 's charlotte , north carolina , well known for , that has the street address , 130 north tryon street ?
what killed the person who said , `` truth is the glue that holds government together '' ?
what writers influenced by mark twain influenced john steinbeck ?
what to see at the address 925 north collins street in dallas , texas ?
what movies , released after august 7 , 2009 , did leo howard play in ?
what currency is used in the home of good bastards dark ale beer ?
what work in which mario lopez acted featured music by jay gruska ?
which currency is used in the jurisdiction where the president of cuba is located ?
what currency is used in the place where the korat breed originated ?
what is the language in the country where pancevacka pivera weifert beer is produced ?
what currency is used in the location where the government is called government of argentina ?
which time zone does the newspaper reforma circulate in ?
where is the university of west alabama located that has the government title `` attorney general of alabama ? `` ?
what country has spanish as its main language where el tambo canton is a second level division ?
what time zone 's official symbol is the american mastodon ?
where did the person who wrote the lyrics `` heart-shaped box '' die ?
where is tahiti bora bora that is also the administrative division of france ?
who coached the minnesota vikings from none6 ?
what language do they speak in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called the senate of pakistan ?
what other professions did the actor who played the character , `` flower store manager '' have ?
who was the vice president when the person who said `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' died ?
what is there to do in the jurisdiction that has a governmental body called the immigration department ?
in which time zone is the municipal court located ?
what form of government does the country with government officer named zeng peiyan have ?
what are the professional roles of the actor that played the character kenya moore0 ?
what was the role of the thomas jefferson4 of `` the papers of thomas jefferson , vol . 23 '' in the declaration of independence ?
for what did the author of `` original stories from real life '' fight ?
which book did the author that published , the rose that grew from concrete , also write ?
who influenced the artist that composed `` michael jackson0 '' ?
for what was the person who said `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' most famous ?
which timezone is it in texas , the area in which the newspaper , the daily cougar is circulated , currently ?
which writers influenced the author , that published , charles dickens2 ?
which colleges with more than 1106 postgraduates were attended by woodrow wilson ?
what is the primary religion practiced in the setting of the film `` defamation '' ?
what is the time zone of the nigerian area where `` the young smoker '' takes place ?
where does the person in the image bratz023.jgp by robin wong live ?
who are the two state senators from the place where the movie `` the conspirator '' is set ?
which war with the smallest size did george washington help win ?
where does president barack obama live , that has an administrative division , in the country of indonesia ?
who served as vice president under the president featued in the movie `` gore vidal 's lincoln '' ?
what airports are new downtown in the governmental jurisdiction in which the government includes the position mayor of houston ?
what country is the main character of the film christopher columbus : the discovery from ?
who was the actor that played the character kirk in none0 ?
who wrote `` the jana gana mana '' and was also a peer of edward carpenter ?
what type of political system is run in the country that is featured in the image south africa.jpg ?
what oldest structure does donald trump own ?
what type of currency is used in the country where boon rawd singha beer is made ?
where does the person in the image leland+chapman.jgp live ?
who is the voice of anakin in the film that matthew gidney was a crew member of ?
to what political party did the subject of the movie `` teddy , the rough rider '' belong ?
where did they find the body of the artist who 's award nominated for `` se las voy a dar a otro '' ?
what does the person that stated , `` sometimes your best investments are the ones you do n't make . `` , own ?
what continent is the country that makes ipa beer located on ?
who are the parents of the subject of the image `` tiamowry and tamera mowry '' ?
what all languages are used in the country where talysh is a spoken language ?
in which state does bill richardson live , and has the earliest adapted location symbol ?
what school did the composer of `` billie jean '' go to ?
what movie did nick cannon play in that was decorated by lisa fischer ?
what was the last super bowl the team that uses m & t bank stadium won ?
what country was the subject of the speaker jaques bahar and is where the arabic language is spoken . ?
in which movie , is robert pattinson in , with the music by rachel portman ?
which movie was directed by catherine ircha and starred robert pattinson ?
which location in which the atlanta braves play opened first ?
what was the artist , that was award nominated for a fable , occupation ?
what was the last event that stephanie rice competed in ?
what is the last government jurisdiction to adapt a symbol and is where bill richardson lives ?
in what time zone in which texas is located is the setting of the movie `` puncture ? `` ?
in what time zone is the acton neighborhood ?
where was the public speaker , which spoke about anti-apartheid , when he was shot ?
what instrument did the composer of the play treemonisha play ?
the fictional character that played the parent of scout finch , did what as a profession ?
what musical instruments does the actor who portrayed the character ringo starr6 play ?
for what state is the author of the audacity of hope a senator ?
which countries located in 8605 has an army with less than 910001000 men ?
what language is spoken in the country with prime minister of iraq asa governmental position ?
at what organizations that were founded after none2 was barack obama educated ?
what was the cause of death of the person who said , `` a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion '' ?
what is the spoken language in the country that made brewekz ipa ?
who are the current two senators from the state with a government office holder named john peter altgeld ?
which year did the sports team at baltimore ravens0 , win the super bowl ?
which movie written by heather hach was chad michael murray in ?
what is there to see in dallas tx , that is the earliest opened structure in the area ?
which city of residence for barack obama has a neighborhood named brentwood ?
what money do i need to take to the second level division istanbul province ?
what is the name of the university where barack obama attended school and has less than 7,814 undergraduates ?
which vice president for richard nixon was a member of the greek orthodox church ?
what film written by emilio estevez starred nick cannon ?
what other filsm was the artist nominated for an award for the play touch me in the morning ?
what is the type of music played by the person who composed `` waiting on the world to change '' ?
where did the author of `` christmas in the big woods ( my first little house books ) live ?
what type of government is in place in the circulation area for legal daily ?
where on the world map is the country where h-west b.v. brouwmeester beer is produced ?
where is great britain located that is also the place of the fictional universe mortal engines ?
what is one of the four nations of the united kingdom export to germany ?
which invention did the person that said `` time stays long enough for those who use it . '' invent ?
what dialect is spoken in the administrative jurisdiction where the political system includes the job entitled chairman of the communist party of china ?
where does the body of water located under the jordan river crossing end ?
which political party does the author of `` dreams from my father '' belong to ?
what authors influenced the author of `` his last bow ? `` ?
which country that borders china has a deputy prime minister ?
who was a member of the church of denmark and rules denmark '' -u right now ?
in 2012 , for whom did the football player purchased by real madrid c.f . play ?
which movie directed by deborah aquila did robert pattinson play in ?
what languages are used in the place where the fila brazileiro breed originated ?
what is the capital of the nation where eisenstadt is located ?
who was the original dictator of the country with chuvash as a spoken language ?
where did the person grow up who said , `` john marshall has made his decision : now let him enforce it ! `` ?
what is the name of the capital city in the region with the title `` south carolina attorney general ? `` ?
which religion , founded in part by paul the apostle , is practiced in poland ?
what are the major cities in the country in which ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is made ?
which afrikaans language speaking country has the smallest calling code ?
who are senators from the location , where the government of new jersey is ?
the subject of the film they boy king went to college for what ?
who 's the leader of the government that has the position titled , prime minister of syria , currently ?
what was the name of the writer of the movie `` arms and the man '' who influenced albert einstein ?
what type of paintings did march marc chagall paint , that influenced guy debord ?
what language is spoken where the newspaper heute circulates ?
which hotel is featured in the movie `` she 's having a baby ? `` ?
what are the movies that the person who plays taylor momsen0 been in ?
what languages are spoken by the country where the ministry of foreign affairs is located ?
what organization led by the subject of the film king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis ?
what jobs does the andy warhol4 screenwriter '' -g2 do ?
where does lil wayne attend university , and both the universities have a number of postgraduates greater than 1596 ?
which type currency should i bring with me , to the affected area of the cyclone , tropical depression two-e ?
in what movies has the actor who played in the film `` ian somerhalder2 '' acted ?
what is the city where howard university and the fictional west wing universe are located ?
in the country that bred the cordoba fighting dog , what form of currency is used ?
what film starring zac efron has a sequel entitled `` high school musical 3 : senior year '' ?
which country that held the 11th australian parliament legislative session fought in the 1991 australia1 ?
at which university did the author of `` the audacity of hope '' earn his bachelor 's degree ?
what actor who played in the film `` star trek v : the final frontier played lt. uhura ?
what countries and seas share a border with the nation that incldues the verkhovna rada as a part of their government ?
on what continent is the nation where the chicomuceltec language is spoken ?
what movies had mindy marin as a casting director and featured ryan gosling as an actor ?
what influencer of charles dickens said `` ... o brave new world , that has such people i n't ! `` ?
which countries does the location , that has a governmental office holder named , pieter mulder , export to ?
who was the leader of the country where the chuvash language was spoken during soviet union0 ?
what was the earliest established activity to do with children in asheville , nc ?
which kind of political system does the jurisdiction with a position called member of the parliament of south africa have ?
what senator from the state of arizona acted in the film `` advise & consent '' ?
what robert pattinson movies were films released after cosmopolis8 ?
what area is the provincial archives of british columbia located in ?
who were the leaders of the government of the soviet union during world war ii ?
which country is the birthplace of peter cowie and is a part of united kingdom yahoo ?
in the place where the movie `` nollywood babylon '' is set , what are the four languages used ?
which university attended by george washington carver is headquartered in ames ?
what different sports are played in the country where san miguel ( philippines ) cervesa negra beer is produced ?
where was the subject of the movie `` barack obama anak menteng '' born ?
what movie directed by nikki barrett did liam hemsworth play in ?
who inspired the person that said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' ?
what was invented by nikola tesla and ottã³ blã¡thy ?
which movies , did the actor that was in the movie , diana ross : visions of diana ross , act in ?
in what time zone is the circulation area of the newspaper the mesa press ?
where did clay matthews attend university , that has less than 19516 postgraduates ?
what 's the hometown of the actor who played in `` arwin ! `` ?
what teams for which david villa plays are sports teams that were founded after 1913 ?
who is the spouse of the actor who played in `` tv 's 50 funniest catch phrases '' ?
what ian somerhalder work was produced by david strathairn ?
what is the name of the character that the actor who played josh hutchersonm0 plays in the hunger games ?
when is the last time the the sports team at pitt stadium won a super bowl ?
what illnesses does the subject of the film `` we fight to be free '' have ?
what character did the actor form dominic monaghan0 play in lord of the rings ?
what type of currency is used in the country with government officer named francisco gregorio billini ?
what books were written by the person who said , `` friendship is essentially a partnership : ?
what structure owned by donald trump is the one that was opened most recently ?
who was the none0 in 2010 of the governmental jurisdiction in which francisco greggorio billini was a governmental office holder ?
what is the latest structure to open in ottawa , ontario ?
what movie featured both christina aguilera and mario lopez ?
in the second level division of boquerã³n district , what is the location 's currency ?
which timezone is featured in the july 2008 image downtown minneapolis ?
what movie did robert pattinson play in that has a sequel called `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix ? `` ?
what other languages are used in the country where breed switzerlander laufhund was originated ?
where is the artist who was nominated for an award for `` candy man '' from ?
who were the parents of the artist nominated for the show betty white 's off their rockers 's ?
what university has the smallest amoutn of undergraduates out of the placed the jack london graduated from ?
what kind of government does the film `` inside north korea '' portray ?
who was sworn into office after the person who said , `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . '' was assassinated ?
who influenced arthur conan doyle , and was buried in dean cemetery ?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has dutch as an official language ?
which country with the highest calling code borders armenia ?
which secretary of state which served under andrew jackson had the earliest date of death ?
what currency is used in the country in which cebuano is a spoken language ?
where did the political appointee , that had the title , commander in chief of home forces die ?
what team , founded the latest , did luis suarez play for ?
what currency is used in the region where the o pasquim newspaper is circulated ?
when were the washington redskins the runner up of the super bowl that the miami dolphins won ?
where is the roman colosseum located in which the character , marius de romanus was born ?
what occupations was the man who quoted `` i believe that man will not merely endure ; he will prevail . '' famous for ?
who did the person that stated , `` who is rich ? he that rejoices in his portion . '' marry ?
in what years did the subject of the image `` andrew jackson daguerreotype '' run for president ?
what type of government is shared by the birthplaces of ãlvaro gil cabral and queen elizabeth ii ?
how did the actor who played in the film `` the evil inside me '' die ?
which continent includes the geographical location of the country which has the south african minister of trade and industry as a member of office ?
what source does the oakwood–vaughan neighborhood get it 's water from ?
what currency does the governmental jurisdiction that has an office holder named abdoul mbaye utilize ?
which language do they speak in fiji , that was featured in the work of mrs dalloway ?
which language does brazil utilize , the same language , heroes in hell , fictional universe use ?
do you know the type of government used where cuba0 beer is brewed ?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper `` zbcomma '' is circulated ?
what language does the location where the breed egyptian mau originated in speak ?
what university is the author of published editions for dreams from my father an alumni of ?
what three countries do the area in which the newspaper new zealand truth , is circulated export to ?
which robert pattinson movies have costumes designed by denise cronenberg ?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called portuguese cortes ?
who influenced pablo picasso '' -u 's art and died the earliest ?
who is capt . kirk in star trek , and also wrote , star trek memories ?
what chris farley movie was translated into cantonese ?
in the film the revenge of al capone , where did the subject go to jail ?
what job held by benjamin franklin was featured in the work `` a good man in africa '' ?
which drugs caused the death of the actress who played julia biggs ?
dean g. roberts was a crew member to a movie with the character named jacob black , who was played by which actor ?
what movie was filmed at gorgota and featured charlie hunnam as an actor ?
who played tally in the twilight series ?
what movie directed by david slade did robert pattinson star in ?
where continent the country where breed aegean cat originated is located in ?
in the city that circulated the oklahoma gazette newspaper , what time zone is used ?
what kind of money is used in the governmental jurisdiction where manuel altagracie cã¡ceres holds public office ?
what is the official currency of the nation that brews cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer ?
what is the earliest opened attraction to see in montpelier , vt ?
who won the governor election in the place depicted in the image `` puerto ricorico map '' ?
what political party was repsented by the person who quoted `` none0 '' ?
what languages are used in the country where filipino language is used ?
of the nation that share a border with chine , which has the biggest country calling code ?
which films featuring robert pattinson are in english ?
what country has the symbol of floral emblem that james watt comes from ?
what movie was chris farley in that was about the lewis and clark expedition ?
which vice president served under the president who quoted `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend . `` ?
in what sports championships where the score was 4-1 did the boston red sox win the pennant ?
what is the city and state of the university that mr. wong graduated from ?
who did the nominee for miss march date in 2012 ?
who knows hat currency is used where the mexican hairless dog originated ?
what country had james vi and i as kings and was represented internationally by francis drake ?
what atlantic cost american city link the miami marlins to brian griese place of birth ?
what language is spoken in the place where the serbian tricolour hound breed originated ?
what is the spoken language used in the country that uses cambodian franc as its currency ?
what type of government is in the country where the moscow watchdog came from ?
what movie directed by ron howard that was released to the distribution medium dvd ?
what movie written by lowell ganz did ron howard direct ?
where did barack obama attend university , that has more than 7,814 undergraduates ?
what language belonged to western western siouan languages language family do the lakota peoples speak ?
what language is spoken in the region where the haaretz newspaper is published ?
what is spoken in the area where the newspaper `` akhbar el-yom '' is circulated ?
what film featuring liam hemsworth was nominated for an award for the person who portrayed `` katniss everdeen ? `` ?
for what subject of the film `` the band that would n't die '' did michael oher play in 2009 ?
what is the timezone for the jurisdiction governed by the politics of sweden ?
what is the government of the place where there is an office holder named chile2 ?
which movie whose story was written by dave barry does omar epps play in ?
which country that is the subject of the movie `` queen victoria4 '' was ruled by queen victoria ?
which type of political system , is in the country , where s.a. breweries castle lager beer is produced ?
what movie featured regina hall as an actress and starred brett ratner ?
who was the mary shelley8 of the published editions of frankenstein ?
who inspired the work of the person who said , `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' ?
which language is spoken in the country where the breed dogo argentino originated ?
the name of the kind of currency utilized where the breed korat originated at ?
what killed the actor who played in the film `` broadway thru a keyhole '' ?
who is the current president in 2010 where elias ina is second level division comendador , elías piña ?
in which state is mount st. helens located , and the district is represented by john spellman ?
the individual who stated `` we are all imperfect . we can not expect perfect government . '' is famous for what profession ?
who influenced the author of `` selected poetry '' ?
what type of art was made by the person who said `` time stays long enough for those who use it . `` ?
in what location was the subject of the film `` on the trail of bin liden '' found and killed ?
what philosophy did the person who said `` a loving heart is the truest wisdom '' believe in ?
where did the appalachian mountains run through that has the canadian dollar as it 's currency ?
which two languages do they speak , in the country where brahui language is spoken ?
what film was ashley greene in , as well as tim leblanc was a crew member of ?
what robert pattinson movies have bene about vampires ?
who inspired the author , that published , john steinbeck0 , to write ?
where is arabic language used that has an internet top level domain of ae ?
what is that national sport of puerto rico that has a goalkeeper on the roster ?
what location what the bural site of the actor who played in the film `` third world '' ?
what movie is about the subject of ballroom dance and features nick cannon ?
what are the professions the author of `` philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica '' is famous for ?
what politicians involved in the israeli–palestinian conflict served in the political party likud ?
what shows did the actor that played the character luke brenner star in ?
who was the first wife of the actor that played the character abe cross ?
the breed canchim originated in what capital city ?
what is the name of the event ending in 2003 that steve nash played for the mavericks ?
what is the most common language spoken , where the currency , argentine peso argentino is utilized ?
what movie starring quentin tarantino had its story written by elmore leonard ?
what is the type of government that the soviet union had ?
what is the latest structure to open in bangkok that is fun to go to ?
where does the fictional universe of regenesis get it 's water from ?
which leo leonardo da vinci teacher influenced domenico ghirlandaio ?
which sports team does luis suarez play for , that was founded the earliest ?
which movie whose cinematographer was michael barrett starred nick cannon ?
in 2012 , who ruled the nation in which cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made ?
what is the language spoken in the country that makes zip zipfer beer ?
which politician appointed to his governmental position by barack obama ran against george w. bush for the second term ?
what political offices has the person who said `` yes we can ! '' held ?
in what country does the newspaper atuagagdliutit/grønlandsposten/grã¸nlandsposten circulate ?
what label , with the earliest founding date , is jojo signed to ?
who died in paris and inspired van vincent van gogh 's work ?
what is the name of the indiana jones prequel ?
which character did the actor who played jake huard play on general hospital ?
who inspired the writing of john steinbeck and contributed to the storyline of the movie excalibur ?
which country has a standing army of less than 12000 and includes the panama canal ?
what actor who portrayed kirk wrote the film `` none8 '' ?
what sports team did the subject of the film ronaldo : tested to the limit play for in 2010 ?
where is the filming location of the movie the last detail and the city where howard university is located ?
which congregational church member was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
which attraction in hong kong is ownded by hong kong international theme parks ?
in the country where the kwama language is spoken , who is the prime minister '' -g ?
where did the person about which the film `` jesse james rides again '' was made die ?
who is the voice actor for the parent of the fictional character bertram griffin ?
what is the subject of the movie `` inglourious basterds '' which is something bad that adolf hitler did ?
what countries border the country where the film `` iris '' is located ?
in what film written by david cronenberg does robert pattinson appear ?
where 's the organization , that acquired the compan , y insitu ?
what country in western europe is the location of the movie `` bobby deerfield '' ?
who was mary shelley 's parent who influenced robert owen ?
what countries recieve exports from the nation featured in the image south africa.jpg ?
which of the movies in which matt bomer played was released last ?
what is the profession of charlie chaplin the subject of the film toto in color ?
where is mount st. helens located that is the administrative division in the united states of america ?
what team for which lionel messi has perfomed plays in estadio monumental antonio vespucio liberti ?
who participated in the battle of gettysburg and died in philadelphia ?
what nba team does the actor from the movie `` high school phenoms '' play for ?
what club did the person in the image david jamesgoalkeeper2 play for in 2011 ?
what mande languages do mali people speak ?
in the country that is the orginal home of brewerkz ipa beer , what languages are spoken ?
what form of political system is used in the birthplace of the dogo argentino breed ?
who are the senators of the state where the 2012 film `` girls girls girls '' takes place ?
what movie is produced by jon feltheimer and stars liam hemsworth ?
which inventions did the person that stated , `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding . '' invent ?
what form of government is used in the place where the moscow watchdog breed originated ?
what team did the actor play for that starred in the film `` nhl greatest moments '' ?
what language is spoken in the region where the government is called government of peru ?
where did the subject of the image `` matt barnes los angeles lakers '' play ?
what matt bomer film was submitted for an award with the description `` as dallas '' ?
who owned wikimedia foundation and was the speaker in wikisym 2012 ?
what capital of ancient israel is the setting of the movie `` eyes wide open '' ?
what are the languages used in the country where breed dogo argentino came from ?
which state with an official symbol of cornus florida touches the missouri river ?
what movie edited by gerald b. greene stars kat dennings ?
which sports team in spain was founded after 19132 ?
where was the person who said `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat '' raised ?
what country where the turkmen language is spoken was our opponent in the gulf war ?
which nation from which the united kingdom imports has the largest country calling code ?
which time zones cover the state the had the 2010 nevada gubernatorial election ?
say the musical instrument that was invented by bartolomeo cristofori and played by ringo starr . ?
who did the actor who played the character jace wayland play in breaking dawn ?
what type of government is practiced where abasi is accepted as currency ?
which film featuring diana ross came out first ?
what is the closest airport in the location where newspaper la lettre du continent is circulated ?
where is the location , in which the newspaper , trouw is circulated ?
who was the vice president for the person about whom `` ronald reagan '' was written ?
of william shakespeare 's children , what is the name of the one who died first ?
what language is spoken in the country that brews egypt4 beer ?
what college did barack obama attend that has less than 1,727 postgraduates ?
also the administrative division in the united states of america where is glastonbury connecticut ?
who does the actor that played the character sister mary-mengele play in none0 ?
what is the capital city of the country where artois peetermans beer is produced ?
what movie starring tupac that was edited by james mitchell ?
the governmental jurisdiction with the position title premier of ontario has what capital city ?
what movie was written by sara guren and features the actor robert pattinson ?
what is a fun place to go in san diego that is open the latest ?
which tv programs did shawnee smith act in , whose cinematography was done by edward pei ?
what nation is the birthplace of the performer from `` andy williams in concert at branson ? `` ?
who was the spouse of the primary subject of the movie `` twisted tale of bloody mary '' ?
who is the 2010 connecticut senantor who started tenure earliest ?
what teams did charles barkley play for that was founded after charles barkley6 ?
what structures should i visit in bangkok that opened after 1915 ?
what is the political system in the country where guangzhou zhujiang brewery co.ltd . zhujiang beer is produced ?
what was invented by the author who published editions for de revoltionibus orbium coelestium ?
what form of government is in the country where rapa nui language is spoken ?
what fun thing is there to do in kansas city that was founded earliest ?
what is the language of the location of the film `` nzema language6 '' ?
what other language is spoken in the country in which montenegrin language is spoken ?
what television film does ryan gosling star in ?
at what school in the borough of princeton was f. scott fitzgerald educated ?
what taylor lautner movies were produced by the company new line cinema ?
where on a map would you find the nation containing the second level division cephalonia ?
what is the language in the country that has a state administration of foreign exchange ?
what is there to do in the place where the movie `` hong kong confidential '' takes place ?
what currency is used where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal 's beer is produced ?
what was the reason for sthe surgery that the character from craigs dream date underwent ?
which tv show has less than 10 season and featured actor nick cannon ?
where has the actor that played brad braden live ?
which city is the birthplace of the actress featured in the photo image 800px-selena_gomez_monte_carlo_paris_june_21_2010.jpg ?
what is the team ith the latest founding date that featured grover cleveland alexander as a palyer ?
what 2011 movie written by melissa rosenberg was taylor lautner in ?
what movies has robert pattinson been in that are in english ?
where did the actor portraying the character pvt . joe woodley grow up ?
what language is spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper frã©ttablaã°iã° ?
what movie included both omar epps and wes craven as part of the cast ?
what nick cannon movies were filmed in new york city ?
who won the presidential race in the country that currently has none0 as a politician ?
of the languages that australians speak , which language is utilized , in the fictional , the tortall universe ?
where was the person who stated `` medicine heals doubts as well as diseases '' buried ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the wetterhoun ?
what movie featuring charlie hunnam was directed by matthew chapman ?
for what ian somerhalder film did wendy partridge design the costumes ?
who was the sephardic law follower who influenced albert einstein ?
what stadium does the sports team with hilltop park as its mascot play at ?
what high school was founded after 1817 and include sanjay gupta as an alumni ?
what continent contains the place where the zhivoye dyelo newspaper circulates ?
what form of government is used in the place where the rumpless game breed originated ?
among the many indiana jones movies , which was released first ?
what is there to see and do shown in the image `` galway collage2 ireland ? `` ?
what language is spoken in the country where central de cervejas sagres beer is made ?
what do they speak in the location that contains the second level division of austria8 ?
what dialect is spoken in the region where the icelandic sheepdog breed originated ?
which television program starring mark harmon was directed by vincent sherman ?
which language do the lakota peoples speak , that was featured in the work of middlemarch : a study of provincial life ?
what are the names of athletes that kim kardashian has dated ?
what movie was taylor lautner in 2011 , that was produced by the company , lions gate entertainment ?
what time zone is the place that has the legislative session of the 6th oklahoma legislature ?
what languages are spoken in the country that originally breed the drever dog ?
what movie with a sequel men in black 3 did nick cannon star in ?
what movie has an edition in the czech language and feature chad michael murray ?
what is the currency of the country of origin for the serama breed ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for leon beer ?
which countries have english as their official language and are a part of the united kingdom ?
in 1945 , who was the leader of the place where the soviet union ruble was used as currency ?
which shows cast by lynn kressel were filmed in new york ?
where is sarajevo located that also as the governmental position title called the prime minister of bosnia and herzegovina ?
where did the author that published , tupac shakur0 , attend school ?
what spanish prime minister '' -g in 2011 is the politician that ended their governmental tenure first ?
what languages are spoken in the region that 's the birthplace of the austrian black and tan hound breed ?
what is the political system in the location of the film `` iris '' ?
which university did barack obama attend that had the highest number of postgraduates ?
what school founded after none2 did barack obama attend ?
what government system does the place where the position called the premier of north korea have ?
what country is the body of water under the chelsea bridge located ?
what movie , produced by melissa johnson , was chris colfer in ?
when i learn the zaza language to go where it 's spoken , what kind of money do i take with me ?
in what region is the area where the news on sunday newspaper is circulated ?
what currency is used in the place where the movie `` bridge to terabithia '' takes place ?
what country that participated in the vietnam war that is the location where vicki buck was born ?
where should i stay in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the title mayor of san francisco ?
who did the artist award nominated for billy madison none0 ?
where was the person born who said `` whoever is happy will make others happy too . `` ?
who did matt barnes play for that was founded after 1947 ?
who marriage the president who authored `` profiles in courage '' ?
what is the name of the deity in the religion in which muhammad in islam in islam is a founding figure ?
where did the person who the movie `` the last days of toussaint louverture '' is about live ?
what taylor lautner movie was produced by jack giarraputo ?
of all of taylor lautner 's movies , which film was released earliest ?
what was the earliest movie released that leo howard played in ?
what movies in which matt dallas acts had donald paul pemrick serving as the film 's casting director ?
what indiana jones movies that were produced by indiana jones2 ?
what us state was the earlies to adapt a governmental jurisdiction location symbol and is home ot the university of alabama ?
what jobs were held by the subject of the image `` albert einstein during a lecture in vienna in 1921 '' ?
where does the river that flows through paducah flow into ?
where did the author of `` the awakening '' grow up ?
what language is spoken in areas where zaza is also spoken ?
what north america '' -un country has the internet top level domain of bb ?
what is the language spoken in the setting of the movie `` noi the albino '' ?
what location of mount st. helens is the governmental jurisdiction in which there 's a governmental position entitled secretary of state of washington ?
which school attended by sir isaac newton was founded first ?
what awards have been presented to the author of `` louis sachar4 ? `` ?
for what was the subject of the film `` ford : the man and the machine '' most well-known ?
which currency type does the government that has the position title , prime minister of jamaica utilize ?
what became of the artist aword that was nominated for el cartel : the big boss ?
what made the person who said `` politics , when i am in it , it makes me sick . '' famous ?
what is the name of the lead character played by michael jackson in the wiz ?
which writers who are buried in père lachaise cemetery influenced charles dickens ?
which type of government is utilized with an office holder named hubert ingraham ?
which country has the largest calling code and speaks portuguese ?
what killed the actor who played in the movie `` fugitive lady '' ?
what thriller movies does chad michael murray play in ?
what language is used in the fictional heroes in hell setting and is the native language of israel ?
what countries neighbor the nation in which obolon zhigul beer is made ?
what films are directed by the actor from salt 2 ?
what did the author of `` philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica '' invent ?
which school with a headquarters in harry s. truman2 did harry s. truman attend ?
what structure opened after february 1976 in birmingham , uk ?
who was the democratic party member who served as prime minister '' -g of japan in 2012 ?
which team for which didier drogba played in 2013 was founded last ?
what do they speak at the location , where the government of iran is located ?
which university did barack obama attend with the fewest undergraduates ?
what work did the subject of the film `` after the truth '' do ?
what movies is considered to be in the genre television film and fautes regina hall ?
what nick cannon movie was production designed by carlos silva da silva ?
which nation uses a country calling code of less than 37 and lists german as an official language ?
the film `` la hora de la siesta '' takes place in the location speaking what language ?
what language does the place where there is a governmental body called the state administration of foreign exchange speak ?
where was the person who said `` you are n't learning anything when you 're talking , '' from ?
who was the founder of the communist party of china that died in sichuan ?
where was the birthplace of the artist nominated for an award for unapologetic born ?
in 1996 , who was the missouri0 of the governmenatl jurisdiction in which matt blunt holds a governmental office ?
where is victoria that has the administrative division in canada ?
what is the capital city of the jurisdiction that has a governmental body called the legislative assembly of ontario ?
which politician that ended their government position the most recently , was the prime minister of pakistan in 1999 ?
what languages are spoken in the regions where the argentina peso is used ?
what time zone is in the location where jane l. campbell is a government office holder ?
what killed the actor who played in the film `` a home of a million gold '' ?
when did the actor from the `` nba street series : vol 3 '' join the nba ?
what is the latest film that ryan gosling has been in ?
what quentin tarantino 's movie that was produced by universal studios ?
who marriage the person that said `` but thy eternal summer shall not fade '' ?
what location of the siege of vicksburg was featured in the work `` light in august '' ?
who was the first president of the country with the coat of arms of russia ?
which currency system does the governmental jurisdiction that has an office holder named george zanias utilize ?
in what films has the actor who portrayed mario lopez4 appeared ?
who is the spouse of the actor who played the character tom cruise0 ?
which movie featured both diana ross and yakov smirnoff as part of the cast ?
what form of government is used in the country with government officer named george zanias ?
where did rudolf vichrow conduct his research that has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
what form of currency replace the greek drachma in the country where is was used ?
what university attended by barack obama has few than 1727 postgraduate students ?
what schools did the subject of the movie `` in search of theodore lesieg '' attend ?
which type of currency is now use don the country where the hungarian korona was once used ?
what 2010 senator from connecticut appeared in the film `` dave '' ?
what kind of government is practiced in japan in the birthplace of baldur von schirach ?
what jenna dewan films were set in canada ?
what currency is used in the topic of the image `` brazil.jpg '' ?
which character in barney and friends was played by an actress from arwin ! ?
what is the name of the primary school that the author of mathematical principles of natural philosophy attend ?
which countries , that include where the government of south africa is located , export to ?
where is glastonbury , connecticut , which is where the character from fiction amanda strazzulla was born ?
which university did the person who gave the 2012 state of the union address graduate from ?
name the leader in 2012 of the country in which tinima superior beer is produced . ?
who rules denmark '' -u currently , who 's governmental position started after october 3rd , 2011 ?
where is the country where brasserie de tahiti hinano tahiti beer is made ?
which film starring omar epps features cinematography by larry banks ?
in what films has the actor who portrayed the character none2 been featured ?
who was the leader of the us during world war ii that was less than the 33rd president ?
who are the actors that played ike and the actor that played in the film tina turner : all the best 's children ?
what currency is currently used in the country where the fila brazileiro originated ?
who does portugal trade with that has an iso alpha 3 of ago ?
what countries did the region where the czechoslovakia government in exile was located become ?
which supreme court of the united states got tenure earliest ?
what tv show with over 178 episodes does nick cannon star in ?
in what time zone would you find the circulation area of the newspaper the cincinnati post ?
what team does lionel messi play for in 2011 , as well as being a sports team that was founded after 1893 ?
which catholic artists influenced vincent van gogh 's work ?
what religious figure is the primary subject of the film sao paolo ?
what currency should i take to where the governmental jurisdiction has a position title , governor-general of jamaica ?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1993 that said `` no , a proof is a proof '' ?
who were the husbands of the actress that played lillian jordan ?
the akbash dog breed originated in the country with what type of currency ?
out of the tv shows that featured shawnee smith , which one had the most episodes ?
what is the governmental system where there is a position vice president of brazil ?
which university did harvard university2 graduate from , that has more than 1733 postgraduates ?
what films feature the actor who worked on the movie `` taylor lautner0 '' ?
were is colombia located that was featured in the work `` the voyage of the beagle '' ?
who is the voice of lois in the tv program with the family guy theme song ?
for what movie did actor ian somerhalder get an award nominated for the role of george monroe ?
which film produced by gary barber features charlie hunnam ?
in 2012 , to whom was the actor who portrayed the character barbara fordham julia roberts2 ?
if i am in the location where the film `` last son '' takes place , in which time zone am i ?
what nick cannon movie had costumes designed by julie weiss ?
what senator in kansas in 2013 ended their government position after january 3 , 1997 ?
to what actor who portrayed the character il corteggiatore di luisa was judy garland marriage ?
what band was the person who was up for an award for joe satriani2 a member of ?
what are the two state senators of the place with a governmental body called the george house of representatives ?
what is the spoken language used in the country that produces brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer ?
who is the actor that played the character of catdog 's mother none0 to ?
what language is spoken in the country with a government office holder named mahmoud fawzi ?
what language is spoken in the country of origin for the shetland sheepdog ?
what movie label has signed the actor who played the character jojo2 ?
what movie starring ryan gosling was nominated for an axium producers award ?
of the colleges that jay cutler attended , which one has the earliest founding date ?
who is the person who influenced john steinbeck and is buried in christ church greyfriars ?
what are tourist attraction in the area where newspaper the austin chronicle is circulated ?
what form of government does the place with a governmental body called the senate of the philippines have ?
where did the artist nominated for the good girl gone bad award grow up ?
what kind of currency is used in the country where thai is spoken ?
where is the headquarters of the organization that acquired the company columbia , at ?
what languages are spoken in the nation that houses the government of iran ?
in which movies with music by john debney did taylor lautner star ?
what form of currency does the governmental body named state administration of foreign exchange have ?
in the government of which chinese trading partner does roger kolo hold an office ?
what country with an internet top level domain of `` za '' did the flemish live in ?
where does the author of the financial peace planner live ?
who were the parents of the author of `` frankenstein ( changing our world ) '' ?
which if the countries that the vietnam war took place in have a country code larger than 84 ?
which of the nine supreme court of the united statess practice judaism ?
who wrote my american journey and was also involved in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ?
what city was the place of death for the religious prophet that is the focal point of the image judgementofdaniel ?
what movie starring taylor lautner that costumes were designed by nina proctor ?
what newspapers circulate in the location where the movie `` bus stop '' takes place ?
where was the artist nominated for `` merry christmas , baby '' born ?
what airports are the subject of the film `` an american in paris ? `` ?
where is the hometown of the subject in the movie , `` young abraham lincoln ? `` ?
what taylor lautner films have been in the thriller genre ?
what currency is used in the country that accepts the argentina argentina peso ley ?
in which movie directed by stepha o. gessler does quentin tarantino star ?
what currency is used in the country where malaysian english is spoken ?
what show was shot in new york and directed by burton rencher ?
who is the actor that played the character of jaded cashier 's new husband ?
who owned the nissan motor co. , ltd. car manufacturer and died in tokyo ?
what move was ashley greene in with music by brian reitzell ?
what movie in spanish language did nick cannon starred in ?
what year did the boston red sox win the world series ?
which language do they iraqi people speak , that its also the main speaking country is comoros ?
what country exports to saudi arabia and uses euro as its main currency ?
who was marriage to the actor who plays fio piccolo ?
what is the official language of the nation where zeng peiyan is in office ?
which actor who portrayed alan parrish in jumanji was born in new york city ?
what schools did the author who published editions for the sea-wolf ( dove ultimate classics ) 's attend ?
what location of the university of the rockies is a political division of the nation united states of america ?
what tourist attractions are in the are where newspaper liverpool echo is circulated ?
in what turkish-speaking country is the internet top level domain com used ?
what instrument was played by the actor of `` the seville concert : john williams '' ?
what country that borders england has the welsh language as an official language ?
what 's the currency in the location , where the akbash dog breed , originated at ?
who created the communist party of china before dying in beijing ?
what was the profession of the person who said `` you can not simultaneously prevent and prepare for war . `` ?
who fought in the gulf war in 1991 and exports to djibouti ?
in the movie william shakespeare in love , who were the siblings ?
what is the time zone of the jurisdiction where the governor of kansas is located ?
who influenced the author of `` albert einstein6 '' ?
which person of royal is buried in st george 's chapel , windsor castle , winsdor castle and were the parents of queen victoria ?
what movie starring taylor lautner that had a sequel the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 ?
what regina hall work had production design done by william david arnold ?
what native son of perry was the governor of georgia in 2011 ?
what language is spoken in france and in the fictional universe of heroes in hell ?
what currency is used in the circulation area of al-rayah ?
who was niccolò machiavelli , and also influenced by zeno of elea ?
what is the capital city of the birthplace of the malinois breed ?
which films starring robert pattinson debuted after cosmopolis8 ?
what is there to see and do in the place where the `` san diego zoo safari park0 '' is circulated ?
what is the profession of the person who portrayed officer gary hallet ?
what is timezone of the location of the movie `` taking care of business '' ?
what religion was the actor who played the character soweto teacher ?
which country is the subject of the film god 's house , and is located in the balkans ?
what instrument is played by the actor who portrayed the character allen on tv monitors # 2 ?
which kennedy family member was buried in southampton cemetary ?
what movie did ryan gosling star in that was released the earliest ?
which country speaks french and has leo belgicus as it 's official symbol ?
where did the holder of the undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness attend middle school ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the cyprus mail newspaper is circulated ?
what currency is accepted by the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of thailand ?
what computer animation movie featured selena gomez ?
what is the currency used in the place where the chihuahua breed originated from ?
what universities were attended by the subject of the movie `` robert f. kennedy in the land of apartheid : a ripple of hope ? `` ?
what is the last year that the orioles were in the world series ?
what actress born in brooklyn heights plays harley quinn ?
what political party is the author who wrote `` dreams from my father '' a part of ?
what are the names of the children of the actor who played in the movie `` wiz on down the road '' ?
what movie that debuted at the new york city horror film festival was jenna dewan in ?
which school did mark zuckerberg '' -u attend , that also wrote , the tercentenary of harvard university college ?
what regina hall work had billy hopkins as the film 's casting director ?
in what location of santa clara university did the event world games 1981 take place ?
what professions are held by the actor who portrayed chelsea kane0 ?
which of the supreme court of the united statess was the latest one to end a judicial tenure ?
which university attended by james franco is the same one from which winifred burkle graduated ?
what movie based on jane austen 's books that were released before 12-13-1995 ?
which school is located in the city of independence and includes harry s. truman as an alumni ?
who was us vice president when the author published editions for profiles in courage ?
what structure is a tourist destination and opened the earliest in birmingham , uk ?
what currency does the country that speaks romansh use ?
on what continent would you find the subject of the image `` south africa.jpg '' ?
what countries are the major trading partners of germany that have the smallest armies ?
who is the current prime minister '' -g of the governmental jurisdiction in which negasso gidada holds a governmental office ?
what movie did madonna play in that was decorated by george detitta , jr. ?
who 's the artist that was award nominated for , that was me 's current wife ?
what state is the movie `` she 's having a baby '' take place in ?
which film decorated by gordon sim features jenna dewan ?
which languages do the people , at the location that has the position title , member of the scottish parliament , speak ?
what was the latest released film that kat dennings starred in ?
what movie filmed at washougal did taylor lautner star in ?
what university did the author of `` dreams for my father '' graduate from ?
what team did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2012 which was also founded after mar 6 , 1902 ?
who influenced the author of `` the hound of baskervilles '' ?
what is the political system of south africa ?
which form of breast cancer did the actress in the movie sheryl crow : wildflower suffer from ?
what is the political system of the place where the movie `` nollywood babylon '' takes place ?
which series starring mark harmon are in english ?
what television film was jenna dewan in ?
which catholic was marriage to britney spears ?
for what was the author of `` meridian '' most famous ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that kira roessler was a crew member of ?
what did wolfgang amadeus mozart to , that was featured in the work `` the unconsoled '' to become famous ?
how did the actor that played the character parkling lot doctor die ?
where are the miami marlins from that also contains the wynwood art district neighborhood ?
what french speaking country that is the administrative division in france ?
what character in ben stiller2 was portrayed by the same actor who played larry daley ?
who was the secretary of state , when none3 was president , who 's date of death is after may 23,1836 ?
which president of the philippines died from colorectal cancer ?
what is the name of the adam sandler8 that played in the film , adam sandler6 ?
who won the none0 election in puerto rico , and served in the new progressive party of puerto rico ?
which film was produced by media rights capital and starred leo howard ?
what religion featured in the work `` funding evil '' is practiced in russia ?
what dialect is spoken in both argentina and sesame street ?
what movie was nick cannon in that was written by masayuki suo ?
what is the currency used in the country in which rapa nui is spoken ?
what killed the person who said , `` you are n't learning anything when you 're talking '' ?
which comedian '' -gs did ben stiller date ?
what drugs were abused by the actor from `` lindsay lohan 's eharmony profile ? `` ?
what time zone is the state where the united states senate election in utah was held in 2010 ?
of the children in the kennedy family , which person died earliest ?
what languages are spoken in the country where saek is spoken ?
what productions have the creater of the rose that grew from concrete been signed to ?
in 1945 , who led the country where the central committee of the communist party of the soviet union has jurisdiction ?
what 's the capital city of the location , that has a governmental body called , parliament of south africa ?
which team that plays in the staples center did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of the county that has the house of peoples ' representatives ?
what is the tourist attraction that was established the latest is in downtown asheville , north carolina ?
what airlines hub is located in the place where there is a position title of mayor of phoenix ?
for what club did the actor who played in the movie `` golden shoes '' play in 2010 ?
who can tell me what language is spoken where china0 of the people 's republic of china govern ?
what disease did the author of editions for `` i put a spell on you : the autobiography of nina simone '' have ?
what character did the award nominated artist for mr. wong play in ellen degeneres0 ?
what ethnicity is the person who said , `` if you judge people , you have no time to love them '' ?
which actor played the movie character william rainsferd ?
which amusement park in denver has the soarin ' eagle ride ?
where did the actor starring in the film two virgins die ?
what languages are used in the country where domari language is used ?
what location of sarajevo has a government including the position entitled prime minister '' -g ?
in what time zone is the location where the film `` larger than life '' takes place ?
where should i stay when i visit the circulation area of the san francisco call newspaper ?
where is the actor that played vincent lauria from ?
who are the current senators of the location of the movie `` none2 '' ?
in what persian language-speaking countries is the country calling code larger than 968 ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
where did the person that said `` who is rich ? he that rejoices in his portion '' work ?
what form of government is shared by canadians and the birthplace of baldur von schirach ?
which judges are on the court located in the supreme court of the united states building ?
what year did the orioles play in the world series and the score is 4-1 ?
what music genre was the artist award nominated for their christmas ( 2011 ) 's style of music ?
which language is mainly spoken , at the location where the film , `` iris '' occurs ?
what country in western europe has a position with the title minster of state ?
who was in influencer to philip roth and was also said to have inspired steinback ?
of the sports teams for which manny ramierez played , which team was founded last ?
what movie starring leo howard that the film casting director was paul schnee ?
what is the name of the country with the smallest calling code that south africa exports to ?
what is the latest sports team david villa played for ?
what stated that adapted their symbol last is where port st. johns is ?
what is the state flower of the state that held the united states senate election in colorado in 2008 ?
what picture associated with liam hemsworth was shot in melbourne ?
what tv show is considered to be under the genre fantasy and features shawnee smith ?
which member of the episcopal church founded the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
which tv series did mark harmon star in , that was the latest released ?
what school boasts jackie robinson and winifred burkle as alumni ?
who was the 2011 president of the area with a president of the european parliament ?
what type of money is used where the mexican hairless dog comes from ?
what are bordering countries to the country where south african english is spoken ?
what universities did barack obama attend with fewer than 7,814 undergraduates ?
what is the birthplace of the country singer who was nominated for awards as the artist of `` still doin ' time '' ?
what drugs were in the music producer 's system who produced `` whitney : the greatest hits '' when she died ?
which sports team was founded after derek fisher8 and had derek fisher on the roster in 2912 ?
who was the vice president under lincoln , and ended his/her government position after february 25 , 1857 ?
what things is the person who said `` laughter is the tonic , the relief , the surcease for pain '' famous for ?
of the years that the baltimore ravens won the super bowl , which occurred after january 20 , 2013 ?
who was an atheism that ben stiller dated ?
what is the capital of the country that speaks picard ?
what form of government is used in the place where the film `` frida '' is set ?
who is the person who produced `` hesher '' and plays princess padme in `` star wars '' ?
in which movie has taylor lautner been in , that was written by katherine fugate ?
which ruler was the topic of the sculpture diocletien vaux1 ?
what country speaks arabic language and is the place where fictional character sayid jarrah was born ?
what other work did jennifer lawrence starred in and that was directed by lori petty ?
what country with spanish as their main language is a territory of the united states ?
which languages do the subject of the image , flinders view of port jackson taken from south head , are spoken ?
who was the president after john f. kennedy died ?
what type of currency is used in the area where george zanias is a government office holder ?
what is the most common language in the country where the cordoba fighting dog originated ?
what school did the author of `` philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica '' go to ?
which two countries are members of the 98005 , and the has an army of less than 10000 ?
of the movies that tupac starred in , which had the cinematography by peter lyons collister ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the brewery for egypt4 beer is located ?
what currency is accepted by the croatian government ?
of what art movement was the person who said , `` it takes a long time to become young '' a part ?
what is the location where the fictional character ali baba was born ?
what is the state flower of the governmental jurisdiction where there 's a governmental body called arizona senate ?
what form of government is practiced in the place featured in the image `` brazil flag '' ?
what movie was nominated for the 10th satellite awards and featuee robert pattinson ?
what form of government is used in the birthplace of the orloff chicken breed ?
which movie features the song `` blind leading the blind '' and has omar epps playing a part ?
which system of government , is utilized in the country , where the domari language is spoken , have ?
what language is spoken in the country where red stripe beer is made ?
what painting technique was used by frida kahlo and appeared in the film `` the golden age '' ?
what was the university with the largest number of postgraduates and that sanjay gupta went to ?
for what sports teams founded after 6 june none6 did rasheed wallace play ?
what country represented by francis drake is the birthplace of anne krassilowsky ?
where did hurricane irene hit , that was ruled by elizabeth ii ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the greek drachma is circulated ?
what is the name of the party that julia gillard a member of and is based on the ideology of social democracy ?
what country was the birthplace of jeanne favret-saada and is a trading partnet of portugal ?
who were the husbands of the actor that played the character audrey hepburn4 ?
in which war was george washington president during , and is subject of the movie , the scarlet coat ?
what language is used in the country where newspaper proto thema is curculated ?
what sports franchsie was founder after the year sergio agüero0 and inlcudes sergio agüero as a former player ?
what did matthew the apostle do that 's related to christianity ?
of the countries , that speak the arabic language , in which the fictional character pwt was born ?
what 's the current government of the location , where the film , `` vietnam , long time coming '' , occurs ?
where did president barack obama go that had greater than 7814 undergraduates ?
what colleges were attended by the person who said `` fear god and you need not fear anyone else ? `` ?
which nick cannon film includes the song `` the book of love ? `` ?
what television film genre movies does leo howard play in ?
which sports team does chris humphrey play for , and is the earliest founded ?
what causes did the author who publishedthe autobiography of malcolm x advocate ?
what languages are used in the country that includes the supreme court of israel as a part of their government ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the legislative session of the 15th cabinet of puerto rico was held ?
what kind of government does the place where the orloff chicken breed originated have ?
where did the person pass away who said , `` i would rather have peace in the world than be president '' ?
what book with willy wonka was written by roald dahl ?
what country that held the 11th australian parliament is where the flemish lived ?
what years did the new york yankees win championships where the chicago cubs were runners up ?
what language is spoken in the south american region in which the newspaper kaieteur news circulates ?
who produced the film `` high hopes '' and plays baine in `` batman '' ?
what is the government of the location where the chilean terrier dog breed originated in ?
what is the birthplace of the nominee for pink friday : roman reloaded ?
what part of the world is nama spoken ?
what currency is used in the country with a government office holder named joão goulart ?
what is the major city , at the location that has a governmental body called , french ministry of foreign affairs ?
what is there to do for a week in the area that has a position called director of immigration ?
what languages are used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of turkey ?
what are the spoken languages used in the country that brazilian portuguese is spoken ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the old israeli shekel is used as currency ?
who was richard burton 's wife that was buried at forest lawn memorial park ?
what is there to do in palo alto , ca with my kids that 's the structure that opened most recently ?
what schools were attended by the person who said , `` one aged man -- one man -- ca n't fill a house '' ?
what form of government is in the country where newspaper o pasquim is circulated ?
who 's the leader of the location , where the dog breed , pungsan originated at currently ?
who encouraged william shakespeare to write poetry and died of exsanguination ?
where did the author go to school that published editions for the sceptical chymist ?
what language is spoken where the vice president of the taiwan is located ?
what blockbuster movie was taylor momsen in ?
what english speaking country that was involved in the battle of talavera ?
what form of government is used in the location where the movie `` nollywood babylon '' is set ?
the actor who played in the film wimbledon 2005 official film came from where ?
what languages are spoken in the country where czech republic2 beer is brewed ?
whic actress played the role of mia in the perks of being a wallflower ?
in what time zone is cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer produced ?
who are the two current senators for the state with governor of illinois ?
what years did the topic of the image los angeles lakers logo.png win the championship ?
what was the actor that was in the movie , legally blonde : the musical , major area of study ?
what countries have arabic language as an official language and were involved in the military conflict of the iraq6 ?
what different types of sports are in the philippines ?
what work that was produced by judy becker that jennifer lawrence starred in ?
which people influenced the writing career of the speaker of `` time is the only critic without ambition ? `` ?
what country that they speak persian language in was featured in `` my father 's rifle : a childhood in kurdistan '' ?
what trades was the person who quoted `` no one is wise or safe , but they that are honest . '' known for ?
what football position did the author of `` none2 '' play ?
which movie was ashley greene in , that was released to distribution , via the medium blu-ray disc ?
what time zone is used in the country where bahamas creole english is a spoken language ?
what government systems exist in the country that is the subject of the film `` inside north korea ? `` ?
what movie with chris colfer had cinematography by brett juskalian ?
which city did the person who stated , `` fashion your life as a garland of beautiful deeds . '' come from ?
who started the franklin d. roosevelt3eral reserve board and also started his position after january 2 , none0 ?
which of the schools james franco has attended is the university with the highest number of undergraduates ?
what movie has been released in the german language and features jennifer lawrence as an actress ?
which inspiration of albert einstein said `` intolerance betrays want of faith in one 's cause ? `` ?
what famous person died of stomach cancer and was a role model to former president barack obama ?
who is the the sister of the award nominated artist for half past dead ?
what language do the people speak where the second level division istanbul province is located ?
what author of the movie `` meetings with remarkable men '' influenced frank lloyd wright ?
what jobs has the actor who played in the film `` angelina jolie0 '' accomplished ?
what 's the hometown of the person about whom the movie `` gore vidal 's lincoln '' was made ?
who was adam sandler0 to the actor who played the character `` charlie fineman ? `` ?
what member 's of the kennedy family help the politican position of senator ?
the governmental jurisdiction that has hubert ingraham in office is in what time zone ?
what school did the subject of the picture `` matthias jakob schleiden '' attend ?
influensor of ocatavio paz , who wrote the jana gana mana ?
who is the father of the famous ahtlete in the film `` kobe doin ' work ?
which of the countries ruled by queen elizabeth ii has the smallest standing army ?
where are the miami marlins from that is also the place where andre johnson was born ?
what high school did the author of `` to kill a mockingbird ( heinemann plays ) '' attend ?
where do the navajo people live which has the government body , arizona senate . ?
where was the home of the subject of the image `` giovanni pierluigi da palestrina '' ?
which film starring taylor lautner is the prequel to eclipse ?
where did robert frost attend university , and also wrote the tercentenary of harvard university college ?
what city is the actor who played theodore joadson from ?
what celebrity if the person of focus in the image premier-page.jpg julia roberts0 to in 2012 ?
what is the modern-day capital of the country in which the newspaper akhbar el-yom circulates ?
what movie starring jenna dewan that was filmed in los angeles ?
what is the area of science that the author of `` mathematical principles of natural philosophy '' studied ?
where is turkish spoken , and the government has a position with the title of , chancellor ?
what languages are in the brittonic languages language family and spoken within the united kingdom ?
who is the wife of the person who said `` in this revolution , no plans have been written for retreat ? `` ?
which films directed by rene haynes starred taylor lautner ?
what did the president that is the subject of the movie `` young mr. lincoln '' do ?
what neal h moritz directed movies stared tupac ?
what was the cause of death that occured to the actor who starred in the movie `` ahead '' ?
who was the spouse of the person who said `` if there was a god , i 'd still have both nuts ? `` ?
when i visit the second level division salcedo , what official language of the country it 's in should i learn ?
what political system is used in the government where the government of iran is located ?
what is the government system in the region where the film `` holiday in the sun '' took place ?
of the senators of virginia in 2013 , which politician ended their government position the latest ?
what monetary currency is used in place where breed switzerlander laufhund originated from ?
in what time zone is the government of the federal district located ?
what univeristy was has less than 5949 postgraduates and were attended by jay cutler ?
which religion common to the united states of america is the topic of the film `` a force called favor ? `` ?
what influencer of niccolò machiavelli said `` self conquest is the greatest of victories '' ?
what movie featured ashley greene and was written by thomas moffet ?
which province in canada was the film `` cool running '' shot in ?
which location was `` here come the monkees '' filmed in that has the best things to do ?
in which county does the clearwater gazette circulate ?
who was the person that stated , `` time stays long enough for those who use it . `` , teacher ?
who founded mcdonald'snalds , and was buried in el camino memorial park ?
who was vp for richard nixon , the last that terminated their governmental position ?
from which college did the author of `` the audacity of hope '' graduate ?
what type of government is in australia and the place where baldur von schirach was born ?
what time zone is the place that has the government position titled the mayor of indianapolis , in have ?
what movie produced by the company new line cinema was taylor lautner in ?
what did the actor that acted in the film , dutch in seven lessons , die of ?
where did the subject of the film `` the boy king '' get shot ?
which of elizabeth i of england 's parents died in the palace of whitehall ?
where did the lyracist for `` i learned from you '' go to school ?
where did the person who said `` god is a concept by which we measure our pain '' die ?
what other languages are spoken in the country where the iran0 is spoken ?
what languages are mainly spoken in the country where domari language is spoken ?
what language is spoken in both the czech republic and the holy roman empire ?
who played the character bilbo , in the film whose soundtrack is the lord of the rings : the fellowship of the ring ?
what 's the official language of the location , that has a governmental office holder called . wu xiaoling ?
what movies feature the composer of the sing none1 ?
this country 's army is the smallest and it 's also where the cuban cuban missile crisis happened . ?
where was the person that stated , `` none0 '' , educated at ?
what is that style of paintings that marc chagall did and influenced miguel ángel asturias ?
what afar language speaking country has arabic language as the official language ?
on what continent would you find the nation in which pivzavod ao vena nevskoye light beer is manufactured ?
who are the parents of the focal point of the film `` william shakespeare in love '' ?
where did the person who was quoted saying , `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others , '' die ?
what instrument is played by the actor who played in the movie `` none2 ? `` ?
where did the actor who was in the movie `` book of fire '' grow up ?
what home of howard university is the birth place of byron leftwich ?
who was the governor of georgia in 2011 , and is the earliest started tenure ?
what made the person who said `` action is eloquence '' famous ?
in 2011 which prime minister '' -g of japan ended governmental position earliest ?
in which city did the aurhor of the scarlet letter die in ?
what country was the subject in the movie `` we fight to be free '' from ?
what university where theodore lesieg was educated has the largest number of undergraduates enrolled ?
what time zones are used in the state that held the united states senate election in nebraska in 2008 ?
what other languages are spoken in the country where brazilian portuguese is spoken ?
what movie edited by jeff gourson did quentin tarantino star in ?
what movie did madonna play in that had a sequel called `` casino royale '' ?
what movies was desrcibed as `` in drag when nominated for an award and starred tupac ?
what country is a subject of the movie `` the virgin diaries '' that trades with portugal ?
what theory areas were studied by the author of the correspondence of charles darwin , volume 12 ?
what movies from germany is robert pattinson in ?
what is the time zone of the subject of the image brazil flag ?
which major trading partners of germany have fewer than 35000 people in their army ?
what sports team ronaldinho plays for was established the earliest ?
which country did francis drake represent , that was involved in the military conflict , battle of methven ?
what is the political system where the movie `` argentina0 '' is set ?
what kind of government does the country where guinness foreign extra stout beer is made have ?
what australian export was featured in the work `` neanderthals , bandits and farmers ? `` ?
of the countires that currency use the euro , which one has the smallest calling code ?
what airport is near downtown in the circulation area of the newspaper houston4 '' ?
what movies did the actor that played the character none6 starred in ?
which languages are spoken in the country , where jamaican english is spoken ?
what supreme court of the united states ended a judicial tenure after august 10 , 1993 ?
who is the spouse of the actor who played josé ferrer0 ?
what langauge is spoken in the country that brews desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer ?
which languages are spoken in the country that speaks picard ?
what disease did the author who wrote `` the story of my life '' have ?
what type of money is used where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made ?
what college degree did the subject of `` none2 '' earn ?
for whom did the subject of the film `` cristiano ronaldo0 '' play in 2012 ?
what major languages are spoken in the place that includes the second level division cephalonia ?
what country whence the united kingdom imports is the birthplace of the fictional character bret mckenew zealandie ?
where does the river go trough that its origin is holston river ?
which movie did jenna dewan appear in with the `` disaster film '' genre ?
what chris farley movies were produced by the company broadway video ?
which movie did angelina jolie direct , and the film casting director was gail stevens ?
what trading partner of portugal is the place where the fictional universe in `` jojo 's bizarre adventure '' is located ?
what is the currency of the country that speaks jamaican english ?
what is the subject of the picture , beckham in 2008 in dã¼sseldorf , germany , children 's names ?
in which movie on the subject of huffing does ian somerhalder appear ?
what form of money is used where the federal government of brazil is located ?
at which middle school , did the person that stated , `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool . `` , attend ?
what is the earliest ausement park to be opened in san diego ?
which country that uses the euro as its main currency , has the largest calling code ?
what mario lopez work was produced by relativity media ?
casting director billy hopkins directed madonna in what movie ?
what country is a major trading partner of iran ?
what currency is used in the country that produces cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer ?
which of the flms featuring omar epps was released first ?
what nick cannon movie is in the thriller genre ?
what state affected by hurricane irene was andrew overtoom born in ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled governor-general of jamaica ?
where did the actor from the movie `` yucatan '' go to jail ?
what position is played by the subject of the image `` rafael furcal at dodger stadium 2010 '' ?
what country that was formerly part of the czech republicslovakia has the largest army ?
what is the nationality of the actor known for portraying the character mia jones ?
what country with the highest calling code speaks afrikaans language ?
what 's the primary language used in the nation in which pidgin , nigerian language is spoken ?
who is the senator of the place where there is a governmental office holder named joseph toole ?
what language is spoken in the region that houses the second level division corfu ?
what location in mimaropa is the location of puerto galera , oriental mindoro ?
what movie starring jenna dewan that the music was produced by aaron zigman ?
what organization with headquarters in atlanta led by martin luther king , jr. ?
where did the person who said `` blessed are they that mourn : for they shall be comforted . '' grow up ?
who did the artist nominated for julia roberts0 julia roberts2 to in 2012 ?
where did the birthplace of the sponsor of seminars of jacques lacan get its name ?
what time zone is used in the country that brews jã¤mtlands bryggeri hell beer ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper royal thai government gazette ?
what country with english as a native language has maori as the official language ?
what countries were ruled by the person who said , `` he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting '' ?
which country with an army less than 21150 do they speak g.1hhc3_gp11 ?
where was sands theme 's composer born ?
what is there to do at the place where the government of birmingham is located in the uk ?
what ian somerhalder tv program has the longest episode run time ?
what political party was the author of `` none0 '' a part of ?
what movies directed by jane jenkins that taylor momsen starred in ?
who does the topic of the movie , cristiano ronaldo0 , play for in 2011 ?
what trades was the person who quoted `` charity is no substitute for justice withheld . '' known for ?
what is the earliest released michael jackson 's film ?
which country is where the bambara language is spoken ?
at what location did the artist of `` why i oppose the vietnam war '' get shot ?
what is a region in the country where they speak both afrikaans language and sotho ?
what type of governmental system is used both in japan and in austria-hungary ?
what person barack obama admires has the most recent date of death ?
what are the official languages of the country where paraguayan guarani is spoken ?
what currecy is also used in the nation when the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used ?
where did the author of `` kurt cobain journals '' die ?
what countries with german as an official language are also countries with dutch as an official language ?
what event happened in benghazi and ended later than 20 march 2011 ?
who was vp for the person that said `` the sky is no longer the limit . `` ?
which movie did james frey write , that was released to the distribution medium , via dvd ?
what tv show about pandemic was shawnee smith in ?
where did tennessee williams live with a official government symbol of state tree ?
what structure in downtown asheville , nc opened earliest and is something to do ?
what movie filmed at bridgeport does ryan gosling star in ?
what location where the navajo indians live adapted it 's symbol last ?
who was the vp for lincoln , that died from a stroke ?
what move star was starred in the movie `` esther & esther hicks : money and the law of attraction '' ?
it the movie breaking dawn , which character is played by the actor who was the character whiteboy in a different film ?
who served as vice-president under the person who said , `` obedience of the law is demanded ; not asked as a favor '' ?
what 's the location of the topic of the picture `` rome colosseum '' ?
which countries did queen g.1hhc3sn5h7 rule where the country 's armies had fewer than 900 ?
which movie directed by thomas t. taylor did ian somerhalder appear in ?
what are some well known sports franchises in the location where the high commissioner to the philippines is aposition in the government ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the federal government of belgium is located ?
what has ashley greene been in , where the films casting director was deborah aquila ?
in what seasons did the actor who portrayed lamar odom8 play for the los angeles clippers ?
who played the character betty white8 ?
where was the actor that played the character eric mcgaffey born ?
which person in the fidel v. ramos8-cmd political party was elected president of the philippines ?
by whom were niccolò machiavelli and melanie klein influenced ?
what movies that comprise the twilight saga did taylor lautner feature in ?
of the countries that england borders , in which was the fictional character , jack osborne was born ?
what moviews were part of the hunger games franchise and featured liam hemsworth ?
what location was the person who said `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat '' shot at ?
what school did sir isaac newgton go to that has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
which team does jordan own , that 's the earliest founded sports team ?
where did the author of `` poor richard 's almanac of 1757 '' work ?
in which art movement , was the person involved in that stated , `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed . `` ?
the actor that played the character of a member of digital underground went to what school ?
who won the run for governor in 2010 in the area where the movie `` series 7 : the contenders '' takes place ?
which vietnam war combattant country is the location of puerto galera , oriental mindoro ?
what movie directed by christopher guest did chris farley play in ?
what team did kaka play for in 2009 that also had michael essien on the team ?
what movies in english has ashley greene been in ?
what school did the subject of the image `` women are persons-three '' attend ?
what film was written by mark helprin and starred actor matt bomer ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the news paper o pasquim ?
what writer buried in dryburgh abbey was an influence on charles dickens ?
in `` star wars , '' what character did the actor who portrayed none0 play ?
wha tis the primary language in the country where the afshar language is also spoken ?
what amusement park that has the boardwalk bullet ride is also a place to have fun in houston ?
what was the earliest `` harry potter '' book published ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board that has been in the government the latest ?
the symbol for governmental jurisdiction adapted the latest is the same spot where mount st. helens is . where is that ?
what type of government was run by austria-hungary and is currently a part of sweden ?
what was the last world series that the orioles played in ?
to whom was the nominee for yes , dear marriage ?
what language is spoken where brasseire des franswitzerlands-montangnes la meule beer is made ?
which movie , has ian somerhalder acted in , that was production designed by sharon seymour ?
what language is spoken in the work mrs dalloway and includes the philippines as one of the palces that have speakers of the language ?
what form of government does france have that is also practiced in abkhazia ?
what 's the subject of the picture , russian icon instaplanet saint nicholas , known for ?
what disease did the author of `` i put a spell on you '' have ?
what baseball movie did madonna appear in ?
what form of government is used in the nation where good bastards dark ale beer is made ?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` the motorcycle diaries '' occurs ?
what is the time zone of the place where the movie `` damn citizen '' takes place ?
which university attended by barack obama has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
who coached the vancouver canucks and ended his sports career early ?
who was nominated for the academy award for best documentary feature and owned the chrysler group llc corporation in 2011 ?
what movie released to quentin tarantino2 did quentin tarantino star in ?
what is the spoken language used in the south american country where macushi language is spoken ?
what university with largest number of undergraduates did wilfred owen attend ?
what north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country has a government official with the title minister plenipotentiary of aruba ?
what school did the actor who played tupac shakur6 attend ?
what language is spoken where the government of portugal is located ?
to whom is the country singer and actor who played in the movie `` jewel : a life uncommon '' marriage ?
where was the vietnam war located with the largest army ?
of the two current illinois senators , which served in the democratic party of illinois ?
what movies starring ryan gosling that has costumes designed by frank fleming ?
what painter inspired van vincent van gogh 's work ?
what international organizations are in the cochina8try where the newspaper none8 is circulated ?
what kind of government does the country where san miguel cervesa negra beer is made have ?
what high school did the actor who played the character cypher raige attend ?
what products are sold by the organization which acquired hurley international ?
what type of currency is used in the country that makes cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer ?
what building does donald trump own with fewer than 58 floors ?
name the currency used by the country were samanã¡ english is spoken . ?
which child of ike and tina turner was born in la ?
which person who influenced richard hofstadter started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what is the spoken language used in the country with coat of arm of south africa ?
where was the doctor from `` the boy king '' born ?
what portuguese speaking country was ruled by philip iv of spain ?
what type of money is used in the country where maccabee beer is manufactured ?
which school with fewer than 18579 undergraduates did michael jordan study at ?
what movie was nick cannon in that was released the earliest ?
what form of government is used in the country where breed drever originated in ?
which football team founded earliest did emmitt smith play for ?
what movies has taylor lautner starred in where the costumes were designed by michael wilkinson ?
what country with an internet top domain of ae speakes arabic language ?
what time zone is the place where the movie `` speed 2 : cruise control '' takes place ?
what michael jackson movie was filmed in new york city ?
where did the person that said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' go to school ?
the actor that was the character , marcus blake , had which occupation ?
what teacher was the leader of the first communist party of china ?
what is the capital of the state that is the fical point of the image alaska.png ?
who was an influence on arthur conan doyle and j. m. barrie ?
which currently working coach has coached the baltimore ravens ?
what nation ruled by james vi and i was the home of charles darwin and his wife ?
in what county is the location where the film `` paranormal activity '' is set ?
what is the currency called in the country where brahma bock beer is produced ?
who was the author of memoirs : all rivers run to the sea 's , father 's name ?
where is the birthplace of the person who said , `` expect nothing , live frugally on surprise '' ?
which movie did chris colfer star in that was the most recently released ?
what currency is used in the country that contains gebel elba ?
who invented the items featured in the image `` dell headquarters '' ?
where did joe namath live that also has a county called suffolk county ?
what singer-songwriter '' -g was demi lovato dating ?
what is the language spoken in the country where the singapura cat originated ?
what ryan gosling movie was directed by george clooney ?
which language is utilized at the location , where the ulster scots dialects is spoken ?
the country where brahma bock beer is produced has what type of currency ?
what movie starring polly bergen and chris colfer ?
which films released in eclipse0 has ashley greene starred in ?
which historical figure died after none2 and served as secretary fo state under none3 ?
which actor who portrayed alexander luthor was nominated for the chicago film critics association award for best actor award ?
what is the main language spoken in the subject of the image `` brazil flag ? `` ?
in what year of the draft was the subject of the image `` brandon roy wizards '' drafted ?
what was the cause of death of the actor who played in the movie `` kremmen '' ?
of the countries that are in the united kingdom , which is the location in which wyvern hill is ?
what are the main sports in the country where the movie `` mutant planet : new zealand '' was filmed ?
which tennesseeesee border state has a monarch butterfly as its official symbol ?
what architecture does the person who said `` the point is , you ca n't be too greedy '' own ?
what languages are used in the country where mäori is spoken ?
what is the university with the largest number of postgraduates that was attended by clay matthews ?
what form of government is used in the subject of the image `` 800px-flag_of_the_people's_republic_of_china_svg.png '' ?
what movie that starred taylor lautner was directed by catharine ircha ?
in what time zone is the geographic region in which there 's an administrative organization called arizona house of representatives ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation are of the newspaper brazil em folhas ?
where did the subject of the movie `` john lennon new york city '' die ?
what is the state flower of the state elias m. ammon is a government office holder ?
what brand of guitar as used by the producer of gone troppo ?
what type of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper iraq0 ?
in which battles , did none1 fight in , that ended after may 25,1862 ?
what time zone is in the area where the newspaper the denver post is circulated ?
which language is utilized , where the currency brazilian brazilian cruzado novo , is used ?
what football team started after arizona cardinals0 did emmitt smith played for ?
who was the leader in 1945 of the military combatant in the hungarian revolution of 1956 ?
what movie was quentin tarantino in that was nominated for an award with the description '' candieland gets smoked '' ?
what were the accomplishments of the person about whom the movie `` frederick douglass : pathway from slavery to freedom '' was written ?
from where is the actor who played in the film tommy emmanuel : live at sheldon concert hall ?
who was the vice president under the person who said `` seriously , do not think i fit for the presidency '' ?
which form of government is used in the country that brews san miguel ( philippines ) cervesa negra beer ?
what was the area represented by chris christie that hurricane irene hit ?
who was the latest american football coach that has coached the minnesota vikings ?
in which three movies was ron howard the director , that were also edited by mike hill ?
what city did the actor that star in the film nadia boulanger : mademoiselle live in ?
which other political offices , has the politician that held the government position , under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness had ?
which countries have a top domain level of eu and are a part of great britain ?
in which movie with production design by maher ahmad does chad michael murray appear ?
what city is the birthpalce of fictional character arthur wellesley , 1st duke of wellington and also where ryanair flies to ?
where was the burial place for the person who said `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend ? `` ?
which setting from quiz show was attended by chris cuomo ?
what tv show about a pandemic is taped in new york city ?
what did the artist who was nominated for an award for `` i love trouble '' win an oscar for ?
what international organization to which china belongs has its organizational headquarters in the city of mandaluyong ?
what walt disney pictures movie did zac efron star in ?
what is the birthplace of the director for multilateral affairs ?
what politician was appointed by george w. bush and is serving as the ohio state senator ?
which language is spoken at the location , where the government has a position called , president of singapore ?
what tv shows had less than 7 seasons and was produced by ent_ent_ent_none200 ?
in which state in the united states of america was the siege of vicksburg fought ?
where does the the body of water under chirundu bridge begin ?
what country involved in the vietnam war where film the fall was filmed ?
what school did the person attend who said , `` who is rich ? he that rejoices in his portion '' ?
which college has a total of 42916 undergraduates and includes jesse owens after the game ?
where does the person who the movie `` frida still life '' is about currently live ?
who was the 2012 baltimore ravens quarterback who completed the largest passes ?
what actors play yoshie 's parents ?
who influenced frank lloyd wright and died in neuilly-sur-seine ?
what is the award nominated artist for `` monsieur verdoux '' known for ?
what type of political system is in the country the cordoba fighting dog comes from ?
at which city , did the artist that was award nominated for , this i remember , die ?
for what team did the actor who played in the movie `` nba street series : vol . 3 '' first play ?
what hotel in san francisco was opened the earliest ?
who worked as a nichelle nichols2 and payed lt. uhura ?
what is the latest founded school that martin luther king , jr. went to ?
in what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction where the legislative session of the 6th oklahoma legislature was held ?
what is the language in the country where the chauise breed originated ?
what drugs does the actor that played the character charlie sheen4 do ?
who is the miami born person who plays roxanne in `` ghost rider '' ?
where did the actor who portrayed gratuity 'tip ' tucci grow up ?
where was the house of the person who wrote `` theodore roosevelt , an autobiography '' located ?
who was the falcons quarterback in 2012 that was born in poland ?
who 's the brazil0 of the government jurisdiction which has a positioin titled vice brazil0 of brazil ?
which quentin tarantino film was the sequel to `` kill bill volume 1 ? `` ?
what tv shows is considered a miniseries and starred mark harmon ?
what schools were attended by the characted of focus in the film `` william & kate ?
what former polticion is no longer in government and won the nobel peace prize in 2007 ?
orlando weekly is circulated in a certain area . where can you visit in that same area ?
which country with the highest calling code does new zealand export to ?
what type of money is used where `` princess protection program '' takes place ?
which one of william shakespeare parents worked as a businessperson ?
of the celebrities that has dated brody jenner , which tv personality appeared in the latest tv program ?
what film starring matt frewer that was shot in new york ?
what film featured john berton as a member of the crew and nick cannon as an actor ?
what was the cause of death of the actor who played in the movie `` brittany murphy0 ? `` ?
in 2011 , who became none0 of the state in which the 2010 and 2011 gubernatorial elections were held ?
what country , where the character pwt was born , do they speak arabic language ?
what sports team owned by jordan includes the position of defender on its team roster ?
what form of government is used in the birthplace of the ga noi breed ?
in which movies , did matt bomer act in , that was produced by , new line cinema ?
who was lincoln 's vice president who died in elizabethton ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position king of the belgiums ?
what was the political party of the person who said `` obedience of the law is demanded ; not asked as a favor ? `` ?
what period of music was experienced by ludwig van beethoven and appears in the movie aida ?
which system of government , is utilized in the country , where the chicomuceltec language is spoken ?
what is the current location of the subject of no crossover : the trial of allen iverson ?
when was ronald reagan earliest inauguration ?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies , and also worked as a bodybuilder ?
what major languages are spoken at the governmental juristiction with a governmental body named hellenic parliament ?
which sports teams has stoke city f.c.7 played for , that was founded after 1863 ?
which political parties were discussed in the movie `` young abraham lincoln ? `` ?
what mario lopez films have been released to be distributed in television ?
which film had ann award nomination once described as `` based on the novel by stephenie meyer '' and starred taylor lautner ?
what location of nineveh city is the country with the smallest standing army ?
where has the actor who played in the movie `` charlton heston4 '' called home ?
what language spoken in thailand belongs to the tibeto-burman languages family ?
who was leonardo da vinci 's teacher who worked as a diplomat ?
what 's the name of the jane austen book they turned into a movie directed by cedric gibbons ?
what exhibition venue opened after 05-17-2009 do people visit amsterdam to see ?
what is the most recent film released ot feature taylor lautner ?
what spouse of judy garland is an actor who played in the movie `` 8â½ '' ?
in what state , with a symbol adapted after 1931 , is 20073 , indiana located ?
where is the hometown of the person who said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency '' ?
what kind of government exists where the breed ga noi originated from ?
the newspaper proto thema is circulation in the area with what type of currency ?
what jobs were held by the actor who played in the movie `` untitled : james brown biopic '' ?
what website was founded by the subject of the movie `` mark zuckerberg '' -u : inside facebook '' ?
in which year after 1970 did the orioles play in the world series ?
in the country that uses the rusyn language , what currency is used ?
what religions are practiced in the country whose coat of arms is called coat of arms of russia ?
what attraction with an organization headquarters in la jolla has fun things to do in san diego ?
what kind of guitar does the artist who sang `` my sweet lord '' have ?
what celebirty was born in the icty of mineral point and was marriage to betty white ?
what schools did the subject of the film `` barack obama anak menteng '' attend ?
what language is spoken in the location of the movie `` nzema language6 '' ?
which language , is spoken at the location , in which the newspaper , zbcomma , is circulated ?
which country with an official symbol of a coat of arms speaks german ?
what movie was chris colfer in with george clooney ?
which tv show starring rob lowe was filmed in new york city ?
who marriage the award nominated artist for none2 ?
which television program featuring wentworth miller has the longest run time ?
what government did japan have and was the government in the place that emanuel laskar was born in . ?
what university with the latest founding date did rudolf virchow did his research at ?
what is the subject of the movie `` brother sun , sister moon '' the patron saint of ?
what 's the name of cincinnati bengals quarterback , that has the largest passing attempts statistics ?
where is the location of the film `` everyman 's feast '' and where the university of alabama is located ?
what fantasy films that taylor lautner starred in ?
which university attended by george washington carver has the fewest undergraduates ?
what politican is currently ruling hos ocuntry under the title `` premier of north korea '' ?
which early politician did baron de montesuie influence ?
what movie directed by catherine ircha did robert pattinson star i ?
what 's the location of the creek in the place featured in the image `` battle of antietam2 '' ?
who was the leader of the soviet union in 1945 ?
what currency is used in the country where harbin beer is made ?
what countries has the lord privy seal as a government title and once once controlled by the house of habsburg ?
what is the currency at the place where the telomian breed originated from ?
what taylor lautner movie was done in italian ?
what religion practiced in thailand influenced arthur schopenhauer ?
what college did theodore lesieg attend that has the largest number of postgraduates ?
what band was an influence to talking heads and featured george clinton ?
what was the father 's name of the author of `` night '' ?
who was spain 's prime minister '' -g in 2011 and started his tenure the latest ?
what country with the largest army is where nineveh city ?
what movie produced by jennifer garner was ashley greene in ?
who is the actor , that played the character maps , in the film , the woman in black ?
what political offices did the author of dreams from my father hold ?
what currency is used in the country where the akher saa newspaper is distributed ?
what is the modern capital of the country where the chausie breed originated ?
what country did the subject of the film nazty nuisance govern ?
who was influenced by the person who said , `` if triangles made a god , they would give him three sides '' ?
what language is spoken where san miguel ( philippines ) cerveza negra beer is produced ?
what kind of government is the area in which the newspaper lundagã¥rd is circulated ?
what father of cher 's son died while skiing ?
who won the election in the place where `` princess protection program '' was set ?
which movie in the indiana jones franchise had people speaking the sinhala language ?
what mountain featured in prodigal summer : a novel that the appalachian mountains trail run through ?
who was the actor that played alan parrish in jumanji and was nominated for grammy award for best album for children ?
what is the currency of the jurisdiction with the governmental body of the hellenic parliament have ?
what state did the author of takes a family come from ?
what time zone is the jurisdiction that has the position title of the mayor of cleveland have ?
produced by jay roach , what movie does kat dennings star in ?
who are the parents of the subject of the image `` betty white ( 1989 cropped ) '' ?
what country ruled by queen elizabeth ii that is the subject of the film gallipoli ?
what time zone is in the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken ?
what kind of music did the person sing who said , `` reality leaves a lot to the imagination '' ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board that held the position cabinet secretary ?
where did both the siege of vicksburg and the battle of chickasaw bayou take place ?
which currency is used in the nation that brews borsodi barna beer ?
who is the person in the image of miley cyrus with her dog , roadie , engaged to ?
what books were written by the person who was the focal point of the image titled aristotle ?
which awards did the author who published gary paulsen6 , won ?
who was the vp for lincoln , that passed away in bangor ?
who is the current president of the nation in which harbin beer is manufactured ?
what was the political party of the person who said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency ? `` ?
what is the parent company who owns skywest airlinesest with headquarters in orlando ?
what movie has omar epps been in that willie d. burton was a crew member of ?
what region is an administrative division of poland and hosted uefa euro 2012 ?
what are the names of the sons of the actor who played in the movie `` uncle tom 's fairy tales ? `` ?
what states border the place depicted in the image `` missouri river near yankton 1 '' ?
what is the language spoken in the location where the pharaoh hound breed originated ?
with compatible power plugs of type bs 546 , what country borders china ?
what college did the artist award nominee for why i oppose the war in vietnam attend ?
who is the none0 of the place where the movie `` bridge of terabithia '' takes place ?
what was the country depicted in the film george washington 's first war : the battles for fort duquesne ?
what faiths are practiced in the nation that produces none4 beer ?
whoch country includes the city of villach and once once ruled by the house of habsburg ?
what is the oldest sports team in canada ?
where did dr. martin luther king , jr. jr. attend school ?
what film was produced by artisan entertainment and starred ian somerhalder ?
what guitar was played by the actor who appeared in the film `` cream : disraeli gears '' ?
what is the theory of the author who published `` philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica '' ?
what illnesses did the subject of the movie `` george washington 's first war : the battles for fort duquesne '' have ?
what is the guitar type played by the artist who got a nomination for an award for go insane ?
what language is spoken in argentina and is also used in the `` heroes in hell '' fictional universe ?
what country in western europe , has the largest country calling code ?
what none8 did the artist award nominatee for gettin ' jiggy wit attend ?
which films written by david koepp were directed by ron howard ?
what type of government does the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is made ?
what movie starring taylor momsen was released after 2002-03-017 ?
what university attended by theodor schwann was founded after 1810 ?
what sports franchises are popular in the nation that brews san miguel pale pilsen beer ?
what was the cause of death according to the topic of the film , gone too soon ?
to what political party did the person belong who said , `` out of intense complexities intense simplicities emerge '' ?
what year that the los angeles dodgers were the runner up did the orioles go to the world series ?
what type of government is used in the country with the position president of mexico ?
which team founded after sergio agüero8 did aguero play for ?
what influenced the public speaker , who spoke about egalitarianism to become president ?
what language is spoken in the country where the cã£o da serra de aires breed originated ?
what movies that leo howard starred in were released after august 21 , 2009 ?
what are fun things to do in denver , colorado ?
which sports team 's home stadium is american airlines arena and had shaquille o'neal on the team ?
of south africa 's trading partners , which has the lowest country calling code ?
what films set in the united states of america star kat dennings ?
what film directed by denise pizzini featured ian somerhalder ?
who leads the country of origin for duncan 's founders organic brewery tall blonde beer ?
what nation ruled by queen elizabeth ii is the country that uses the top level internet domain ag ?
what location of harvard university university sees many residents of finnish american ethnicity ?
what is the spoken language used in the country where harbin beer beer is made ?
what type of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper aurora de chile ?
what country has german as their official language with the largest calling code ?
in what city was the person who said , `` those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly '' killed ?
what movie featuring regina hall debuted at the 2000 sundance film festival ?
what 2011 2003-01-032 of georgia is a politician who ended their governmental position later than 21 march 2010 ?
who is the film `` san paolo '' about ?
what is the form of government in place in the setting for `` mee-shee : the water giant ? `` ?
which of mary shelley 's parents passed away firsts ?
what vice-president under lincoln is the politician who ended their governmental position later than 25 february 1857 ?
who was buried at st. margaret 's westminster who was an influence on samuel taylor coleridge ?
what are of science did the author of `` philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica '' study ?
which party did the person who the none4 dedicate their work belong to ?
what language is share by the irish people and the denizens of the fictional universe buffyverse ?
what movie did matt dallas debut in with dances with films ?
what iberian romance languages are spoken in spain ?
for which state was the author of `` historia viva '' a senator ?
which jane austen books that were adapted for film have netflix ids larger than 948002 ?
who was a peer of claude monet and inspired van vincent van gogh 's work ?
what state was the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' born ?
which movie was liam hemsworth in , that was produced by jim seibel ?
where did robin williams live in 2011 , with a county named , oakland county ?
who was elected president of the jurisdiction that has the governmental body called the senate of the philippines ?
what is the latest movie released that robert pattinson played in ?
who influenced john steinbeck to start writing that died from heart attack ?
which michael jackson movie was last released ?
what type of currency is used in the country which includes the federal government of mexico ?
what artist was born in the province of british columbia and voices the character lola bunny ?
what form of government is used in new zealand and the kingdom of prussia ?
what disease did the focal point of the miracle worker suffer from ?
which movies was liam hemsworth in , that debuted in buenos aires ?
what club does the player in the the image `` tim howard '' play for ?
which tv show shorter than 23 minutes long did jill wagner appear on ?
what currency does the place where the fila brazileiro breed originated in have ?
in which time zone is the location with an official symbol of the american pasque flower ?
in which film based on a novel by jane austen was the production designed by william dudley ?
the person who said `` in memory everything seems to happen to music . '' lived where ?
where did the political appointer that held the united states ambassador to lesotho die ?
in the nation that brews brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer , how many languages are spoken ?
what kind of political system does the jurisdiction of the place that has a governmental body called the iran0 have ?
what is the title of the head judge who resides over the courthouse that is housed in the united states supreme court building ?
what movies that were filmed in agua dulce does matt dallas star in ?
what states neighbor the state with an official symbol of alabama6 ?
in which state with an official symbol of the cardinal is walton , indiana located ?
what language is spoken where the movie `` justine '' is located ?
what is the timezone in the location of the film `` barking water '' ?
what is the newest team that rasheed wallace was a member of ?
for which sports team founded after 1962 does nolan ryan play ?
who 's been marriage to the celebrity who had a legal entanglement in studio city ?
on the tv show that has multi-part episodes called achy jakey heart montana , who plays rico ?
where did tennessee williams live that is also the place of the fictional universe anitaverse ?
in which tv show did shawnee smith act in , that was about speech disorders ?
what language is spoken in the majority of the country where nigerian breweries star beer is made ?
in which country where the temple of g.12cp_k6sh9 is located has an army larger than 672000 ?
what type of government is used in the place where the azawakh breed originated ?
which instrument is played by the character played by saxophone0 ?
which movie was directed by colin de rouin and featured nick cannon as an actor ?
what movie starring taylor lautner that was produced by roy lee ?
what should i visit in venice that was opened after venice4 ?
in what country did bernard madoff live where a military combatant was involved in the military gulf war conflict ?
of the countries which speak german officially , which makes the beer , prignon fantã´me la gourmande ?
what movie starring omar epps that was written by patrick lussier ?
in what region is the country where krusovice royal black beer is made ?
which university has a large number of undergraduates and includes morgan freeman as an alma mater ?
what currency is used in the country where dreher classic beer is made ?
who is the husband of the person who said `` he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting '' ?
subject of the film the big house , what kind of music did jimi hendrix play ?
what university did jesse owens attend that has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
what organization headquartered in new york city did chris cumo attend ?
what language is spoken in both cambodia and the fictional universe in `` heroes in hell '' ?
what is the official currency of the nation where francisco gregorio billini is in office ?
what structure that opened after july 12 , 1913 is a place to see in downtown asheville , nc ?
what is the official state flower of the jurisdiction with the governmental body of the arizona senate ?
what does the person in the image of nm trump international hotel and tower own ?
which political party was the author who published editions for the jefferson bible , affiliated with ?
which film starring nick cannon was taped in new york city ?
in which timezone is the location , that has the government position title , mayor of minneapolis ?
which languages spoken in israel belong to the west germanic languages family ?
which judge appointed to the supreme court , was appointed to his/her government position by barack obama ?
who was mary shelley 's parent who died from puerperal infections ?
in what location would you find both the river thames river and the fictional universe mortal engines ?
what film , conisdered tobe in the slasher genre featured actress regina hall ?
what currency does the country that has the coat of arms of hungary , use ?
what is the name of the capital city of the country where the newspaper gazeta sot is distributed ?
which state is the location of farmingham and of harvard university ?
which country has a calling code over 686 that new zealand exports to ?
what religions are there in the country where thai is spoken ?
what is the government system used where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is brewed ?
what did the subject of the movie , `` william shakespeare in love '' become famous for ?
what is the name of the film starring kat dennings that had deborah aquilla as a casting director ?
which of king henry viii of england 's sons died in the palace of placentia ?
what languages are spoken inside the country where the norwayn language is used ?
what genres of music are performed by the actor featured in the film tarzan and jane regained ?
what city is the place where the fictional universe of `` dexter '' took place ?
which western european country has an official symbol of leo belgicus ?
which country is at the location in which vulgaria is , and has the most land area ?
what is the capital city of the location , where the breed , fila brazileiro , originated at ?
what university attended by f. scott fitzgerald has the largest number of undergraduates ?
which two religions are in the governmental jurisdiction of the government that has the position title , ministry of justice ?
what profession was held by the person who stated `` my best friend is the one who brings out the best in me ? `` ?
in the moview that featured none0 as part of the crew , who played the character obi-wan kenobi kenobi ?
what university was columbia university5 an alumni of and currently has more than 1727 undergraduates ?
what jenna dewan movies were films released after the jerk theory4 ?
what mark harmon tv series has an episode run time of less than 60 ?
in what timezone is the official symbol of the saguaro located ?
what charlie hunnam movies were released on the distribution medium of television ?
what language is spoken in the country that has althing ?
what university includes the publisher of state of the union addresses of bill clinton as an alumni ?
what currency is used in the place depicted in the image `` flinders view of port jackson taken from south head '' ?
what is the name of the person in paul ryan 's family who died from a heart attack ?
what form of government is used in the circulation area of the newspaper reference news ?
what language was previously spoken in the roman empire and currently spoken in the czech republic ?
who were the subjects of the movie `` the road to rome : tracing the steps of paul the apostle ? `` ?
what location that adapted it governmental symbol earliest is where the iroquoisos indians came from ?
who was prime minister of canada in 1993 who ended his/her government position the earliest ? t . ?
what are things to see in the dallas area ?
what drugs does the actor that portrayed the character charlie sheen2 engaged in ?
what school kurt vonnegut attended is the university with fewer than 8908 postgraduates enrolled ?
what launguage is used in tunisia and saudi arabia ?
what job does the writer of `` songwriter '' -g2 '' hold ?
what jenna dewan movies were production designed by shepherd frankel ?
what language is spoken in the country where the movie `` arabic language0 '' takes places ?
what nick cannon movie has a prequel entitled `` goal ! `` ?
which team for which matt barnes played plays in the honda center ?
what is the name of the country where the subject of the movie `` aisheen [ still alive in gaza ] is located ?
when did the raiders beat the minnesota vikings in the superbowl ?
who was the topic of the movie , les amours de la reine ãlisabeth , mother ?
in the country which is led by the prime minister of south korea , what form of government is used ?
what team did the actor that played in the film nba hardwood classics : nba live 2001 play in ?
what soviet union leader died on soviet union6 and was active during soviet union0 ?
what college degrees did the author of `` dreams from my father '' get ?
what type of government is used in the country where harbin beer is made ?
what language does the place where the `` akher saa '' newspaper is circulated ?
what school jane goodall attended is the university with the smallest number of undergraduates enrolled ?
what location is the home of the miami marlins and the birthplace of a football player who plays the position of punt returner ?
what acotr plays the family guy0 of lois griffin in the television show that features the family guy theme song ?
what shows were produced by the artist nominated for awards for `` none8 '' ?
what is the official language in the region where the newspaper the punch circulates ?
which country in the united kingdom was ruled by william and mary ?
where did the author who published , the awakening ( unabridged classics ) grow up ?
what movies released after 09-23-2009 has ryan gosling been in ?
what is the time zone of the location where the film `` blue hawaii '' takes place at ?
what part of american history did the harlem renaissance create ?
where did the author who published editions for `` coat of many colors '' grow up ?
which country containing a location named shoreditch is the birthplace of anne krassilowsky ?
what jobs were held by the author who wrote `` mathematical principles of natural philosophy '' ?
what movie had cinematogrpahy done by john bailey and featured selena gomez ?
who were the writers that influenced charles dickens that were influenced by lucian ?
what is the language spoken in brazil that is also the main speaking language in italy ?
who are the senators of the state where the movie `` snake eyes '' takes place ?
which of the kennedy children was in the massachusetts democratic party ?
domari language is spoken in the country using what type of currency ?
what new jersey college did f f. scott fitzgerald attend ?
what other languages are spoken in the country that speaks northern berber ?
what kind of currency does the place where the federal government of mexico is located use ?
where did the actor who portrayed mckenna ray grow up ?
what year did the baltimore ravens win the super bowl with a 34-7 score ?
what movie directed by andrew niccol was matt bonner in ?
what language that 's mainly spoken in germany do some people speak in czech republic ?
who is the president of the country where the old israel shekel is accepted ?
what 's the name of money in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is manufactured ?
who can tell me the assassination place of the subject of the movie king : a film record ?
where was the author who wrote `` mansfield park '' raised ?
what tv program filmed in new york city had music by w. g. walden ?
of the shows that are shot in new york , which was filmed at midvale ?
what place hosted the event uefa euro 2012 and brews lech mocny beer ?
who was marriage to betty white who died the earliest ?
where was the subject of the film `` the road to rome : tracing the steps of paul the apostle '' from ?
what movie was produced by erwin stoff and featured robert pattinson as an actor ?
which of the four nations of the united kingdom is the place where wyvern hill is located ?
which country uses euro as its main currency , and is the subject of the film captain corelli 's mandolin ?
who has been marriage to the actress from `` britney spears0 ? `` ?
who plays caesar flickerman in the the film whose soundtrack is , the hunger games ( songs from district 12 and beyond ) ?
what fictional place did willy wonka take place ?
which type of government system , does the federal government of brazil , have ?
where was the burial spot for the subject of the film `` gore vidal 's lincoln ? `` ?
who were the person protrayed in the image `` queen victoria -golden jubilee -3a cropped 's parent '' ?
name the latest founded sports team that ayrton senna also drove for . ?
where did the subject of the image , rihanna press photo 2.jpg born ?
where is the city of louisville , and have a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1997 ?
what movie that ian somerhalder played in was joshua pines a crew member of ?
which of vincent van gogh 's inspirations were influenced by titian ?
where does the movie `` the last leprechaun '' take place ?
which movie starring nick cannon features the song `` never gon na break my faith ? `` ?
which of the schools martin luther king , jr. attended has the most postgraduates enrolled in the university ?
which movie decorated by wendy ozols-barnes was omar epps in ?
what is there to do today in birmingham uk , and is the latest building opened ?
what jduge is the current chief justice is the court where smauel chase has served as a judge ?
what do they speak in the place where there is a position titled the queen of scotland ?
what year did the main character of the film the president 's lady run for the president ?
who does the actor from hannah montana and miley cyrus : none0 engaged to ?
which movie directed by ron howard was released most recently ?
what killed the artist nominated for awards for `` i 'm your baby tonight '' ?
which country was the birthplace of anita fernandini de naranjo and speaks spanish as a primary language ?
where did maria theresa rule that has hungarian as it 's official language ?
where did the iroquois indians originate from , that was also where the fictional , kendra mason was born ?
what is there to do for children in the area where the `` phoenix gazette '' newspaper is circulated ?
what movie was taylor momsen in that was directed by dan webster ?
what languages are spoken in the country with the coat of arms of the philippines ?
what is the spoken language in northern ireland and kingdom of great britain ?
what is the site of the shooting of the person who said `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat ? `` ?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where there 's a governmental body called state council of the people 's republic of china ?
which movie starring matt dallas was greg gardiner the cinematographer on ?
which film did ian somerhalder appear in that was directed by kirk jones ?
what for of currency is used in the country that uses new zealand sign language ?
who was elected president of the the country , where the none0 is spoken ?
what was the style of art done by the person who said `` i am a deeply superficial person '' ?
what artist was influenced by titian and in turn was an inflience to van vincent van gogh ?
what is the currency of the place where the central-anatolian shepherd dog originated in called ?
where did the person that said `` to observe attentively is to remember distinctly '' die ?
what type of money is accepted in the circulation area of brazil em folhas ?
who inspired the work of van vincent van gogh , and was born in siegen ?
which country fought in the 1991 gulf war , and is the location of film , shine ?
for what film did the actor who appeared in baby einstein : my first signs win an academy award ?
which movie edited by cara silverman is chad michael murray in ?
what type of political system is used in central europe and in england ?
which of betty white 's husbands was born in toronto ?
what type of currency is used where the fila brazileiro breed came from ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the central anatolian shepherd dog breed originated ?
what person , that played on `` the jeffersons '' , died from cardiovascular disease ?
what is there to do , in the location that has a governmental office holder named , phoenix8 ?
which type of art , does the subject of the photo , andy warhol by jack mitchell , make ?
what was the film in which actress barbara fordham was an oscar for ?
what other character was played by the actor who olayed the role of the dragon spirit in the lord of the rings series ?
what actor who portrayed the character jason burns was marriage to jessica simpson ?
where did none1 get an education with less than 25540 undergrads ?
what currency is used in the country where duncan 's founders organic brewery tall blonde beer is made ?
what did the topic of the film , the anna nicole smith story , die of ?
where is the birthplace of the person nominated for an award for `` revolutionary petunias and other poems '' ?
for what was the marilyn monroe4 who played the character marilyn monroe2 well known ?
what is the capital city of the state that held united senate election in south carolina in 2010 ?
which films cast by deborah aquila have featured taylor lautner ?
what university has more than 7950 undergraduates and was attended by chris cuomo ?
what structure opened after 1992-06-01 was the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament played at ?
what fun thing i should do in austin that 's the place that opened latest ?
which language is spoken , in the country where brewerkz ipa beer is manufactured ?
what famous item was invented by the politician who stated , `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others ? `` ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper heute ?
who was the grandson of the man about whom the movie `` david 's father '' was written ?
who fathered cher 's son and wrote the music for `` a summer dress '' ?
which country does the location of `` bridge to terabithia '' import from ?
in what part of the world is the governmental jurisdiction in which pieter mulder holds office ?
what nick cannon films are about ballroom dance ?
which language do they speak at the location where the film `` noi the albino '' takes place ?
what time zone is used in the location where the movie `` fight for survival '' takes place ?
what currency is used in the place where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used as currency ?
what discoveries did the author who wrote `` two new sciences '' make ?
who was the subject of the film , marilyn 's parents ?
where is the body of water , that flows under friendship bridge ?
in what country is the sotho language spoke and german is also used ?
what languages does the country where brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer is made speak ?
what is a major city in the place where the ukraineian levkoy breed originated ?
what languages are used in the country with government title high commissioner to the philippines ?
what is there to do around austin , texas , at the address 300 west 21st street ?
which hotels in the place where the movie `` fleet week 2 '' is set are good recommendations for places to stay ?
which films directed by ron howard include production design by jack t. collis ?
what were the names of the husbands of the artists nominated for awards for `` yes , dear ? `` ?
who did the subject of the image , rufus wainwright in concert , in atlanta , 2002 , marriage ?
what 's the currency of the government , at the location that includes where the politics of sweden is located ?
in what year did the boston red sox win the world series against the colorado rockies ?
guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer beer is made in the country with what leader ?
what china neighbor is the nation where the lao dialect is spoken ?
what languages are spoken in the birthplace of the peruvian hairless dog breed ?
name the state where andrew overtoom was born and which the appalachian mountains run through . ?
what is the main language that is spoken , in which the newspaper o pasquim , is circulated ?
which movies has liam hemsworth been in , that was the latest released ?
what religions are practiced in the country where none0 beer is produced ?
who was the person who said `` while there 's life , there 's hope . '' and influenced niccolò machiavelli ?
what is the main language spoken where the greek drachma is used for currency ?
which of the movies taylor lautner has starred in is the film that was released first ?
which of zac efron 's movies were released to the distribution medium television ?
in which location does the navajo tribe live that has an official greater roadrunner symbol ?
which type currency , does the country , where the macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is made utilize ?
what was the cause of death for the actor who portrayed backson ?
what are the three official languages of the federal government of belgium ?
what j.j. abrams movies had costumes designed by colleen atwood ?
what 14 was on the falcons roster and had less than 6none8 passes in 2none812 ?
what are the names of the parents of the person who said `` but thy eternal summer shall not fade . `` ?
what is the largest amount of postgraduates from a school that kurt vonnegut attended ?
what jobs were held by the actor from the movie fugitive lady ?
what type of artwork create by visual artist of the series of henri matisse0 ?
what movie directed by roger avary did ian somerhalder starred in ?
what is the capital of the republic of the country where celtic brew finian 's irish stout beer is produced ?
which governmental party did the person that said `` none0 '' belong to ?
what high school did the author who published editions for paula deen celebrates attend ?
what country in the united kingdom is the location of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry ?
who are the parents of the actor who played in the film salt 2 ?
who were henry vii of england children , that was catholic ?
what is the nationa capitial of the place with brews the el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer ?
what is the earliest released film that ashley greene was in ?
where was the actor who played the singer in the film `` country music america : tammy wynette and george jones '' born ?
what genres of music were performed by the actor from `` michael jackson4 ? `` ?
what kind of music does the actor who was in the movie `` ella fitzgerald2 '' sing ?
which vice president served under the author that published editions for mi vida ?
which club for which peter crouch played is the sports team which was founded first ?
what jobs did the person who said `` who is rich ? he that rejoices in his portion . '' hold ?
what did the actor that was the character , rachel zachary , die of ?
where in the world did the breed british shorthair originated from ?
which currency system is used where aegean cat breed originated ?
which brian mulroney5 from 1993 ended his or her position after november 4 , 1993 ?
what is there to see , around the subject of the picture , sedona sunset ?
who was the vice president of the subject of the movie `` teddy , the rough rider '' ?
in the country where the comã©rcio do porto newspaper is circulated , what language is spoken ?
what is the birthplace of the artist who 's been nominated for awards for `` laundry service '' ?
what currency is used in the country where brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer is made ?
who was the father of the person depicted in the image `` elle wiesel 2009 '' ?
what are the names of the three children of the subject of the film `` gone too soon '' ?
in what city was the body of the actress who was the subject of `` marilyn at the movies '' found . ?
what language do they speak in the country where the newspaper brazil em folhas is printed ?
what first president of the afl died lafter than 13 december 2006 ?
what does the subject of the image `` donald trump announcing latest david blaine feat 3 '' own ?
what language do the people in the location where the `` daily guide '' newspaper is circulated speak ?
in the film young abraham lincoln , where was the lead character buried ?
what was the name of martin luther king , jr. jr. 's most recently deceased parent ?
which language is spoke in the place where tutankhamun lived ?
where did the author of my day die ?
what movie series uses the currency united states dollar and featured taylor lautner ?
what coming of age movie does nick cannon play in ?
where did the subject of the movie `` miss austen regrets '' grow up ?
where was the actor who played in the film `` third world '' born ?
what fun things are there to do in the place where the movie `` san diego zoo safari park6 '' is set ?
of the diana ross movies she acted in , which is the film was the latest released ?
what is the earliest released movie that taylor lautner was in ?
where in washington d.c. was kennedy 's inaugural address completed ?
where was the vietnam war located that was ruled by dharanindravarman ii ?
which shows starring shawnee smith were cast by lynn kressel ?
in what movies did the actor who played the character elliott murtaugh star ?
which west germanic languages is spoken in australia ?
in which country does portugal trade with , that includes a neighborhood called sembawang ?
which country with the top level domain of at has german as its official language ?
what wannabe3 movies have been released to the theatrical distribution medium ?
what place was the home of the quoter of the saying `` love the whole world as a mother lovers her only child . `` ?
where did theodore lesieg go to school that has headquarters located in citytown hanover ?
to what international organizations do the geographic area that is the circulation are of the newspaper none2 belong ?
which moves does robert pattinson star in with cinematography by javier aquirresarobe ?
for which companies did the person who said `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others . '' work ?
which nation in the united kingdom uses pound sterling for currency ?
what is the name of the newspaper where anchor steam beer is brewed ?
what movie with omar epps is in italian ?
who wrote `` the fifth son 's father 's name ? `` ?
who was the kennedy family member that ended his/her governmental position the latest ?
which film featured music by gabriel yared and featured madonna as one of the actresses ?
what university was founded after 1794 and incldues kurt vonnegut as an alumni ?
what films did the artist nominated for an award for the song `` none0 '' act in ?
which country that exports to belgium is the birthplace of james watt ?
which language is spoken , where the currency , malian franc is utilized ?
where on the map would you find the location containing the second level division heemstede ?
where was byron leftwich born and where kennedy gave his inaugural address ?
in what time zone is the tennessee newspaper vanderbilt orbis distributed ?
which country was spoken about by alexander mintz and has german as a primary language ?
what politicna office was held by the famous person who quoted `` none2 '' ?
what is the time zone of the country that speaks the idoma language ?
which airport is nearest to the downtown of the location in which `` houston0 '' takes place . ?
what genre of music does john mayer play in the film `` celine dion : the colour of my love concert ? `` ?
what kind of music did the subject of the movie `` life of franz lisztomnia '' compose ?
what state does mount jefferson located in that has government officer named tom mccall ?
what languages are spoken in the country that speaks romansh ?
what languages are spoken in the place where tutankhamun lived ?
which of the people who inspired john steinbeck died earliest ?
what kind of currency would you use at the place where the movie `` frida '' takes place ?
which state in the northeastern united states has a member of congress ?
who influenced the person featured in the film `` gone too soon '' ?
in liverpool , england , which location is there with the street address , pier head ?
what langague is spoken in the place that contains second level division coimbra district people ?
in which war did george washington , assist in winning , who 's maximum force size was less than 2100 people ?
where was the actor who played in the film `` arwin ! '' born ?
which languages are spoken at where the cat breed singapura , originated at ?
what is the government system where krusovice royal black beer is made ?
what language spoken on sesame street is the language spoken in cuba ?
which languages are spoken at the location where the movie , '' the carbon collective '' , occurred ?
what ryan gosling movie had cinematography done by robert fraisse ?
what currency is used in the country whose coat of arms is coat of arms of the philippines ?
which of the children of the kennedy family are politicians who were appointed to their governmental position by john f. kennedy ?
what is the type of money used in the country who has a government office holder named sergio osmeña ?
what country 's first language is french but they also speak jerseyais ?
which movies does nick cannon play in that are in spanish ?
what location of tahiti bora bora is the nation that uses the top level internet domain of pf ?
who was the person who assasinated the famous person what had a work dedicated to them by lonard bernstein ? ?
what currency is used in the country where jamaican english is spoken ?
who inspired the person that stated , `` yes we can ! `` ?
where is there to stay in the jurisdiction where there is a governmental officer holder named ed lee ?
what is the language spoken in the jurisdiction of government where wu xiaoling holds office ?
what country , where the fictional character fleur delacour was born , uses the euro as it 's main currency ?
to whom was the actor who portrayed annette hargrove married ?
what team founded before 1947 played in the 2010 nba finals ?
the government office of the president of brazil speaks what main language ?
where do flemish people come from that has an army of less than 35,736 people ?
what location with a governmental jurisdiction location symbol adapted after 1987 is mount st. helens located in ?
what is the youngest sports team that cristiano ronaldo play on ?
which central american country does the panama canal pass through ?
what attractions opened after 1957-09-24 and are located in barcelona , spain ?
what cities did the focal character of the movie teddy , the rough rider 's have his homes in ?
which actor who played himself did cher have a son with ?
what type of government is used in the country where the macushi language is spoken > ?
what films did the artist award nominated for abduction starred in ?
what airport is near the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position mayor of scottsdale ?
which martin van buren0 under martin van buren7 belonged to the democratic-republican party ?
what currency is used in the country with government officers named atef sedki ?
what kind of currency is used at the place where the saek language is spoken ?
what was the president in 2009 in the country where tinima superior beer is brewed ?
what are the jobs of the none8 who plays the character lillian jordan ?
which movies has jennifer lawrence acted in , and that jennifer lawrence0 was in ?
what school jackie robinson attended is a university with more than 27023 undergraduate students ?
what movies did matt dallas play in that was release after may 25 , 2010 ?
what movie did chad michael murray play in that was filmed in italy ?
what city did the assassination of the character who was the subject of `` the unfinished journey of robert f. kennedy '' take place in ?
in which country is the location , that has a government position with the title , governor of vatican city in ?
what liam hemsworth movie features music by brian tyler ?
which of ashley greene 's films was released latest ?
which lyricist '' -g inspired samuel taylor coleridge ?
which country that speaks yue chinese is a member of the united nations security council ?
who was the father of the person who quoted `` peace is our gift to each other . `` ?
where is the jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named ezequiel hurtado ?
what does the country that has compatible power plugs of bs 546 mainly export and import ?
where is arabic language spoken , near the near east ?
what school did kurt vonnegut attend and is located at 3401 n. meridian street ?
which type of government does the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer , is produced , utilize ?
which team that plays in washington , d.c.. does rasheed wallace play for ?
which government with the official symbol of an animal emblem , and also is where james watt came from ?
what is the time zone of the location where `` matando cabos : is filmed ?
what winner of the 2007 nobel peace prize is the politician who ended their governmental tenure last ?
what continent is the country that uses the coat of arms of mexico located on ?
what is the official currency of the area where the argentina argentina peso ley is used ?
what are some things to do in the place that has governmental officer named galway0 ireland ?
what coming of age movie has taylor momsen been in ?
what countries bordering china have a calling code greater than 977 ?
what time zone is the located where government which includes the french minister of the economy , finance and industry is located ?
who 's the president of the location , where the breed , fila brazileiro , originated ?
what movie directed by patricia cardoso did chad michael murray play in ?
what is the governmental system in the country where the huntaway breed originated ?
what movie is nick cannon in that was directed by barry sonnenfeld ?
when i visit the location where the sponsor of seminars of jacques lacan was born , where should i stay ?
what movie that javier aguirresarobe was cinematography for was robert pattinson in ?
which movie produced by graham king did angelina jolie direct ?
what currency is used in the place where the mudi breed originated ?
which of the many children in the kennedy family were killed by assassination ?
where did the person that said `` reality leaves a lot to the imagination . '' die ?
what leader of the united states during world war ii is the politician who ended their governmental position latest ?
what was the subject of the image titled daddyyankee a victim of ?
what are some popular places to stay at when visitied the city that circulates the la lettre du continent newspaper ?
which tv shows are recorded in new york city , that has the smallest number of episodes ?
which cartoon photography films has taylor lautner appeared in ?
what movies with music by rachel portman did robert pattinson star in ?
of the movies jenna dewan plays in , which was released last ?
which team is sponsored by iberdrola that david villa played for ?
what movies released after june 5 , 2001 did dr. seuss ' how the grinch stole christmas2 direct ?
who played the tv program , that is the big valley theme song ?
what languages are used in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer made ?
what two nations border the country that was the subject of the movie `` waterlife '' ?
in which country , is the south carolina house of representatives located ?
what school did the author of `` poor richard 's almanac 0f 1735 '' attend ?
what hotels are in the setting of teh film `` paris , je t'aime ? `` ?
what company did the actor who played michael schumacher ferrari drive for in 2013 ?
in what country with the largest army is arabic language the official language ?
of all of nick cannon 's movies , which film was released first ?
what was the location of death of the author who published editions for tik-tok of oz ?
in which film with costumes designed by debra mcguire does kat dennings star ?
in which super bowl did the miami dolphins win the championship by a score of 14-7 ?
the location where the movie , '' the naked and the dead '' , occurs ?
what is the party of the official with the title of governor-general of australia ?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the austrian austrian schilling ?
where did 41970 go to school that had less than 4248 undergrads ?
what are the main languages spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called french ministry of foreign affairs ?
what film directed by paul pemrick that starring ian somerhalder ?
which of iran 's major trading partners has a population of 10563491 ?
if you are in the country run by the prime minister of cuba , what form of currency would you need ?
where did the person who said `` yes we can '' receive an education ?
what is the most recently founded sports team that aguero played for ?
how did the actor that played in the film `` american hero '' die ?
which country that uses the georgian language do the turkish people come from ?
which awards , has the artist that was award nominated for , the cardturner , won ?
what movie starring omar epps has a sequel called `` dracula ii : ascension '' ?
who influenced josh flitter and plays james t. kirk in star trek ?
which actors portrayed the children of dr. chauncey gump ?
what form of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction in which north korea0 holds a governmental office ?
what school barack obama attended is a university with fewer than 1727 enrolled postgraduate students ?
who influenced the author who wrote `` not without laughter ( thrift edition ) to write ?
what were bad things done by the person who had the commander in chief of home forces title ?
where is there to stay in the area where the le manifeste newspaper is circulated ?
which supreme court of the united states wrote `` text , cases , and materials on sex-based discrimination ? `` ?
of the tv shows that are taped in new york city , which has an episode running time of more than 30 ?
what movie released after 06-22-1995 was directed by ron howard ?
which countries that trade with south africa have a population greater then 12992559 ?
which of elizabeth i of england parents was buried in st george 's chapel , windsor castle ?
what country was the image `` grand bahama from space , june 1988 '' taken in ?
what government system does the location where the film `` frida '' took place use ?
which film in which ryan gosling has appeared came out first ?
what language is the primary language spoke both in brazil and portugal ?
which countries border the armenia0 where kilikia beer is manufacarmenia3ed ?
what movie about demonic possession stars regina hall ?
who was the actor who played in the movie `` the making of awake '' in love with ?
what position in the us house of representatives did james k polk hold before he became the us president ?
from which county did the subject of `` we fight to be free '' come ?
which languages do people speak , at the location that has a governmental body called , the iran8 ?
what is the latest jane austen book released as a movie ?
what actor served in the 75th ranger regiment and played darth vader ?
what movie starring robert pattinson that was directed by loveleen tandan ?
what is the author of `` tortilla flat '' best known for ?
what is the capital city of the country where brahma bock beer is made ?
what did the adam sandler8 that played in the film saturday night live : the best of adam sandler do ?
what istanbul team did didier drogba play for in 2013 ?
what skills were the authot that published pylon known for ?
which of veronica lake 's husbands died in la quinta ?
of the sports teams for which manny ramirez played , which team was founded first ?
what kind of government exists where mexican hairless dogs originated ?
who are the mother and father of the actor who portrayed girl in fountain line ?
of the names of henry viii of england 's three children , which person has the earliest date of death ?
which theme songs , did the actor that was in the film , any place but home , write ?
what continent is the governmental body called immigration department china located on ?
what was invented by the person who said , `` who is rich ? he that rejoices in his portion '' ?
who was the topic of the movie , marilyn at the movies 's , parents ?
what is the state flower of the governmental jurisdiction that includes the governmental body illinois house of representatives ?
which state has the rhododendron macrophyllum as its official symbol and is the location of the mount st. helens volcano ?
which movie directed by daniel a. lomino featured regina hall ?
which senators was a part fo the 110th united states congress and represented the state of new jersey ?
where is the birthplace of the artist award nominated for `` snatch '' ?
namib desert horse originated in which country with the largest land area ?
what kind of currency does the country where thai is spoken use ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation are of the newspaper heute ?
what films stsarring taylor lautner was released first ?
in what time zone is the setting for the movie `` capitalism : a love story '' located ?
what type of government is in place within the federal government of brazil ?
what film cast by randi hiller was written by james frey ?
what is the main language that is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has the minister of food ?
what tv program featuring nick cannon had more than 1 season ?
what political party based on nazism was adolf hitler a part of ?
which countries speak the arabic language , that was involved in the military conflict , the iraq6 ?
which shows are shot in new york , and were decorated by susan benjamin ?
where did the person who said `` woodrow wilson2 '' attend college ?
which type of currency , does the country where samanã¡ english is spoken , utilize ?
which languages are spoken , at the location , in which the newspaper , the scotsman , is circulated ?
in what location was a war in which the sudan was one of the combatants ?
which of the movies in the indiana jones series was released first ?
in which timezone is the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken ?
what are some well known places to stay on the place where the san francisco city administrator is located ?
what hbo show is shot in new york ?
who marriage the subject of the image adam sandler ( cannes photocall ) ?
which countries included in the united kingdom , that export to germany ?
what is the earliest founded sports team , that david villa played for ?
which of the kennedy children died in fort atkinson ?
what form of money would be used in the coutnry that is known for the coat of arms of mexico ?
who was in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict , that ended their governmental position the latest ?
what country in the africa continent uses south african english as a language ?
what political system is used in the nation where the bahamas creole english language is spoken ?
what state was the author born in that published editions for dream from my father ?
where did the person who said `` who is rich ? he that rejoices in his portion ? '' pass away ?
what movie has liam hemsworth been in that features the song `` safe & sound '' ?
to whom has the actor who played the character peter atkinson been marriage ?
who died from tuberculosis , as well as influenced abraham lincoln to run for president ?
what movie was charlie hunnam in that was decorated by francesca lo schiavo ?
what film edited by jeff betancourt starring ashley greene ?
what movie is robert pattinson in that was produced and designed by scott p. murphy ?
what show written by sam bobrick that mario lopez starred in ?
who is the president in the place where the government of peru is located . ?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1993 , and terminated their government position , the earliest ?
what all languages are used in the country where afshar is a spoken language ?
what currency should i take to the manufacturing headquarters of desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer to buy some from the source ?
what did artist of sammy and company died from ?
who was cleopatra marriage to , and died in alexandria ?
which city with a neighborhood named treasure island serves as residence to carlos santana ?
which persian language speaking country has fewer than 20900 in its army ?
what dialects are used in the geographical region where the government includes the title governor of northern ireland ?
what films featured the subject of the image `` none6 '' ?
of the senators of new jersey currently , that are catholic ?
in the country where none4 is brewed , who is the none0 ?
what biography did ron howard direct ?
where should i go if i only have one day in bangkok , where the structure opened after 1915 ?
what kinds of instruments are played by the actor from `` saxophone2 '' ?
where did theodore lesieg go to school that have less than 4164 undergraduates ?
who is the wife of the subject of the movie `` king : a filmed record..montgomery to memphis '' ?
what movie was ashley greene in , that was produced , by the company , lions gate entertainment ?
what movie was zac efron in where billy hopkins was the casting director ?
what movie , produced by the gaumont film company , did liam hemsworth play in ?
what shows are produced by the actor who portrayed none0 ?
in which film cast by rene haynes did taylor lautner star ?
what country , with a calling code greater than 964 , fought in the gulf war in 1991 ?
what country did the house of habsburg control with the smallest army ?
which type of currency should i bring to the country where , cerveceria modelo corona light beer is manufactured ?
what form of government is used in the place where the newspaper tariq al-shab circulates ?
where is the sports arena kauffman stadium located ?
what was the childhood nickname of the queen of the country whose coat of arms is coat of arms of the isle of man ?
what location did the artist nominated for travelin ' thru grow up ?
what uk trade partner is part of the administrative division in the country of united kingdom , with dependencies and territories ?
who is the person that was born in salt lake city who won the position of utah attorney general ?
what time zone is the area where the `` westword '' newspaper circulates ?
what taylor lautner film was directed by john singleton ?
which colorado representatives was a presbyterianismterian ?
what type of currency is used where the country symbol is the coat of arms of the philippines ?
what school michael jordan attended is a university with fewer than 10757 postgraduates ?
what political system is used in the place where the pungsan dog breed originated ?
in which country with the internet top level domain of bh is arabic language spoken ?
which writers influenced charles dickens , that was buried in pã¨re lachaise cemetery ?
what executive producer of `` live ! '' plays roxanne in `` ghost rider '' ?
what time zone is the country with meã¤nkieli as a spoken language in ?
which language is spoken at the location , where the breed gull terrier , originated ?
what movies released after june 2004 did nick cannon play in ?
what currency is used in the country where frisian is spoken ?
where did the person that said `` happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance . '' grow up ?
in which country , was the first gulf conflict fought , and has the smallest number of people in the country 's army ?
which countries that have calling codes greater than 968 speak persian language ?
who holds the office of president where the o pasquim newspaper is circulated ?
what thriller movie has taylor lautner been in ?
in what region is the location of the second level division samsun province ?
what is there to do for fun in the location that `` how to run a filling station '' was filmed ?
which former member of czech republicslovakia has the smallest country calling code ?
the location where the fictional character fiona coyne lived , in ontario , what time zone is it in ?
with a street address of 300 west 21st street in austin , what can you see there ?
what is the currency used in the country where drever breed was originated in ?
which languages are spoken , at the location , in which the newspaper , o pasquim is circulated ?
what is the last governmental position to held by theodore roosevelt ?
what is the official currency of the government of hungary ?
what state was the earliest to adapt a governmental jurhode islandsdiction location symbol and is geographically found in the northeast section of the us ?
in what movies has the nominee for `` abduction '' appeared in 2011 ?
what language is spoken in argentina and on sesame street ?
where did dr. martin luther king , jr. jr. go to university , with the organization founding date is the earliest ?
what timezone is the governmental office that göran persson serves located in ?
what movie with the story written by katherine fugate has taylor lautner been in ?
harbin beer is made in the country with what official language ?
which languages do they speak , at the location , where jamaican english is spoken ?
what team founded the latest is diego forlán on ?
which inspiration of john steinbeck contributed to the plot of `` excalibur ? `` ?
what ashley greene work is about cinema in the united states ?
where was the main character of the film `` ronald reagan '' born and raised ?
who was the actor that played thomas o'malley marriage to ?
what drug caused the death of the subject of the film `` marilyn at the movies '' ?
what language is spoken in the area in which the newspaper austria2 is circulated ?
which former president served as secretary of state under andrew jackson and died of asthma ?
which types of art did the actor that was in the film , normal love make ?
what state with an official state symbol of a fossil is where the university of west alabama is located ?
who was lincoln 's vice president and held position in the 32nd united states congress ?
what is the birthplace of the actor who portrayed tyler durden ?
what were the professions held by the publisher of `` kate chopin0 ? `` ?
what is the currency used in the country with second level division comendador , elías piña elias pina ?
of the politicians that were in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict , which terminated their position the earliest ?
of what government jurisdiction is the governor of northern ireland part ?
what form of government is used in the country in which cass beer is made ?
what was the cause of death for the star of whitney houston : the greatest hits ?
who is the actor who played none0 in `` spy kids '' and was shilo wallace ?
who was the artist , that was award nominated for , you keep coming back like a song , occupation ?
of the schools from which michelle obama , which is the university with the largest number of postgraduates ?
what language is spoken in the place where the egyptian mau breed originated in ?
which film starring diana ross includes cinematography by david watkin ?
where did armageddon 2002 take place and is the place where florida panthers play ?
what character in 24 did the actor that portrayed the character nathan with bicycle play ?
who was the wife of the subject of the movie `` la reine soleil '' ?
what fictional universe buffyverse language do lakota peoples speak ?
which two currencies are used in the government , that has the position title , french minister of the economy , finance and industry ?
which of the jane austen books that are movies , and has the largest film netflix_id ?
which home of the navajo trive uses the pinyon pine as its official symbol ?
who is the actress that played none7a 's mother in the film star wars and produced the film hesher ?
what is the currency used in the location of peru 's government ?
where did charles darwin and his wife live that is the location of the government title of minister of food ?
where 's wayne state located that has a symbol that was adapted the latest ?
what is the type of government where the mexican hairless dog comes from ?
who did the subject of the film `` william shakespeare in love '' marriage ?
what is the type of government of the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced ?
in what continent can you find the die vaderland newspaper ?
which artist buried in forest lawn memorial park was mickey mouse ?
what university has less than 14132 postgraduates and inlcudes martin luther king , jr. jr. as an alumni ?
what hotels are there to say in the the area ed lee is a governmental office holder ?
which forms of government are in place in germany and brazil ?
in what part of the world is the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position south african minister of trade and industry ?
what team does stan kroenke own that has a defensive back on its team roster ?
what movies was taylor lautner in with the caster director deborah aquila ?
in what thriller movies has liam hemsworth played ?
what contributions to society did the author of `` new atlantis '' make ?
what languages are used in the countries where the ukraineian ukraine2 is used as currency ?
what state does the senator that said `` yes we can ! '' work in ?
where did the author of `` the call of the wild ( super sound buys ) '' go to school ?
who was the general for the british , in the none7 , as well as a politician that ended their government position after oct 28 , none0 ?
what country neighboring armenia is the country that includes the second level division zonguldak province ?
where was the ancient mesopotamian region ?
who is ruling north korea now , and who was an atheism ?
what were some object that were invented by the historical figure who quoted `` time stays long enough for those who use it . `` ?
what places are there to do things in the region where lee leffingwell is an office holder ?
what instrument is used by the actor from `` the seville concert : john williams ? `` ?
what type of currency is used where the today 's zaman newspaper is circulated ?
which tv shows did shawnee smith act in , in which the costumes where designed by , linda matheson ?
what thriller did regina hall play in ?
what was the latest released film that tupac was in ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the cubalaya breed originated ?
what drug does the actor who played the character charlie sheen4 do ?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` defamation '' takes place ?
what in berlin did albert speer design ?
what are the main sports in the location of the 5th new zealand parliament ?
what country features the andros region and is home to the palace of knossos ?
when i visit the second level division corfu , what currency do i need to take with me ?
who did the artist nominated for `` night at the museum '' play in the movie `` none0 '' ?
what hotel one should stay in a place where the publisher of the book the four fundamental concepts of psychoanalysis was born ?
what is the political system of the place where the egyptpitian mau originated in ?
who was the actor that played the character , michael j. fox2 ?
who is the vice president after the passing of the subject of the film an american affair ?
where did the author of emma grow up ?
whose the current leader of the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made ?
what movies did quentin tarantino star in where the costumes were designed by betsy faith heimann ?
where did the author of `` unfinished tales '' make their home ?
what kind of currency does the location of the movie `` the treasure of sierra madre '' have ?
what san jose , ca public attractions facility opened in 1884 should be on one 's visiting tour ?
in 1945 , who was the leader of the country where the government was called government of the soviet union ?
what caused the death of the person who stated , `` humility like the darkness , reveals the heavenly lights ? `` ?
which movies has ryan gosling been in that 's in the english language ?
what spoken language does the country where timor-leste4 is used ?
which countries in the united kingdom are countries where english is an official language ?
what college lil wayne attended is the school with the lowest amount of postgraduate students enrolled ?
what movie took place in japan and starred jenna dewan ?
who is engaged to the actor from `` rock mafia presents : the big bang '' ?
what other language does the country that speaks domari language speak ?
which films did the actor t , hat was the character , martin devoe act in ?
what airport is closest to the the location where the film `` perfume : the story of a murderer '' takes place ?
in `` megamind , '' who did the subject of the image `` ben stiller2 '' portray ?
who was the character of the actor who played in the movie `` tom hanks0 '' in apollo 13 ?
what was acheived by the author of `` last flight ( american biography series ) ? `` ?
what are the michigan4 and flower of the location where the movie `` fight for survival '' is set ?
what airport is closest to the downtown location of the place where the movie `` saw v '' takes place ?
where did the artist who was nominated for awards for `` how great thou art '' begin his career ?
where did the author who wrote editions of `` the papers of thomas jefferson , vol . 23 '' pass away ?
what type of currency does the place where the government is called the federal government of brazil use ?
in what country that has piã±as canton as a second level division would you find the galápagos islandss ?
what currency is used in the country where the romansh language is s poken ?
which movies produced by david permut stared chris colfer ?
of the films that ian somerhalder acted in , which was released first ?
what was the surgery on the person who played jo livingstone for ?
what movie produced by dimension films was ian somerhalder in ?
what was the name of the person who said `` live out of your imagination , not your history ? `` ?
in which county did chancellorsville battle take place , and as well the event , the battle of salem church took place ?
what was jennifer lawrence in that was decorated by ron von blomberg ?
what language is spoken in the country where brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer is made ?
who was the soviet union leader during nikita khrushchev0 , and terminated their government position the earliest ?
what states in new england that have government symbol that was adopted after massachusetts4 ?
where is the beginning of the river that flows under the burlington northern railroad bridge 9.6 ?
what spanish diction picture features zac efron ?
who was the president of the government of costa rica in 2012 ?
what political system is used in the country where pidgin , nigerian language is spoken ?
what languages are spoken in the country where ruth dreifuss is in office ?
which movie was a michael jackson movie with a crew member of john berton ?
who taught the subject of the film `` the secret life of leonardo da vinci '' ?
what movie was matt dallas in that was decorated by winona yu ?
what invention was made by the topic in the image whitney-eli-loc ?
who plays princess padme in `` star wars '' and was also the nominee of the national board of review for best cast ?
what film with bart brown artistic work starred jenna dewan ?
who played the character holly whitman ?
what university did barack obama go to that has less than 1727 postgraduates ?
what is the major language spoken in the place that contains the second level division corfu ?
the actor that played the character , the sister of none0 ?
what football player with more than 262 passing attempts dated kim kardashian ?
at what facility do the florida panthers and miami matadors both play ?
what stories were written in the author who published `` editions for snobs '' ?
what chad michael murray movie debuted at the 2013 sundance film festival ?
someone once said , `` : laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction . '' name the country where they were born . ?
what kind of government does the place where the newspaper social-demokraten is circulated at have ?
where did the author , who published robert hooke4 , get educated ?
which political party , does the author who published for , the audacity of hope , represent ?
which three movies did matt dallas act in , and that were released to the distribution medium via matt dallas0 ?
what is the currency type , in the area , in which the newspaper , o pasquim is circulated ?
what job title does the person in the image larry ellison on stage oracle have ?
who is my state senator in arizona , that also wrote , faith of my fathers : a family memoir ?
what films starring robert pattinson have been edited by ronald sanders ?
which of john f. kennedy 's family ended their government position the earliest ?
what form of currency is used at the topic of the image `` greece.jpeg '' ?
what items were invented by the person who said `` absence makes the heart grow fonder ? `` ?
what kind of currency does the country where brahma bock beer is made use ?
what form of government can be found in both australia and the government of the kingdom of great britain ?
what birthplace of vicki buck is a nation where english is a native language ?
which super bowl that occurred after january 14 , 1973 was won by the miami dolphins ?
what celebirty is married to the actor who played the character coolidge chickadee player ?
where is the fictional universe of xanth and where port st. johns florida is ?
what religion is the artist nominated for `` sammy and company '' ?
which world series did the orioles win first ?
which system of government does the united states of america currently have , that is also the government type , of belarus ?
what is the region in the world where rusyn language is spoken ?
which system of government does the location , that has a governmental office holder , wu xiaoling have ?
which country was the fictional character hermes conrad born in that is also in north america '' -u ?
what major language is shared by canada and the fictional buffyverse universe ?
what form of currency is used in the setting of the classic movie `` speed 2 : cruise control '' ?
what governmental type does france currently have , and is the form of government of brazil ?
from what college did the author of mi vida graduate ?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken by most australians ?
what language is spoken in the place where the chausie was originally bred ?
what 's the dominant language of the country , where jamaican english is spoken ?
what years after 1996 did the new york yankees win the world series ?
what school , that jack reacher graduated from , did douglas marcarthur go to ?
what county has german as its official language and also speak italian . ?
what are things to do in the setting of the film `` emmanuelle '' ?
what is the currency called at the location , in which the newspaper , reference news , is circulated ?
what city is home to the movie actor who played detective logue ?
which movie has the shorted tv running time of those starred in by robert pattinson ?
which is the major city that you will find when viewing the image map-of-france.jpg ?
when i visit the location containing the second level division corfu , what currency will i need to pay for my dinner ?
where was the artist who was nominated for awards for `` why i oppose the war in vietnam '' raised ?
who is the father of the actor who played in the movie `` iphone murder apps '' ?
what movies does matt dallas play in , and that was edited by stephen eckelberry ?
of the countries where queen elizabeth ii reigns , which has a country calling code of more than 501 ?
which teams did jim harbaugh play for , that has a none0 on its sports team roster ?
from which university attended by f f. scott fitzgerald did sam seaborn graduate ?
the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer beer is made uses what money ?
who is the author of `` money , and the law of attraction 5-cd set '' ?
what is the state bird of the state that had the united states senate election in kentucky in 2008 ?
what legal system is practiced in the birthplace of emanuel lasker within australia ?
what picture distributed post the hunger games8 are associated with liam hemsworth ?
what famous people were influencers of the person who quoted `` humor is consistent with pathos , whilst wit is not . `` ?
which actress who portrayed amber sweet dated brody jenner ?
what are the names of the children of the artist who was nominated for awards for `` michael jackson0 '' ?
what movie is broadcast in the spanish language and features mario lopez ?
what is the timezone where the canchim breed comes from ?
who is the current democratic ohio state senator ?
what is the nationality of the actor that played the character warren palmer ?
what is the state flower of the place where united senate election in new mexico was held in 2008 ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction in which the government includes the position entitled prime minister of sri lanka ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the argentina argentina peso ley is commonly accepted currency ?
who is marriage to the author of colossus : the price of america 's empire ?
what time zone is shared by pennsylvania and the area near the venice municipal airport ?
what currency is used in the country where boon rawd singha lager beer is produced ?
which film in the indiana jones series was produced by george lucas ?
on which continent is the federal government of mexico located ?
what is the location where kennedey 's inauguration address was made and the movie minority report was filmed ?
what is the drug overdosed by the actor who played the eagles road manager ?
in what county is the circulation are of the newspaper industrialisti ?
where in france did the author of line `` it takes a long time to become young . '' lose his life ?
for what is the author of `` two new sciences '' famous ?
what did the person who the united states congress dedicated their work get shot with ?
what movies with cinematography by guillermo navarro did robert pattinson play in ?
what countries did czech republicslovakia become that speak romani language ?
what movie released to television did none1 star in ?
in `` the hangover , '' what character is played by the actor who played the character pathetic guy in another work ?
where was the actor that played in the film for love and glory come from ?
who were the wives of the actor who played the character , captain leith ?
which teams that play in the pepsi center does kroenke own ?
what movie starring tupac that features the song again ?
name the capitial of the country where lion stout beer is made in the sri lanka brewery . ?
what team does lamar odom play for 2011 and is the sports team was founded after 1947 ?
which of king henry viii of england 's sons was buried in the henry vii chapel ?
what did kat dennings star in , that was production designed by franco-giacomo carbone ?
what college with a small number of post graduates did cutler jay attend ?
where was the subject of the film , jacques lacan parle was born , and where should a family stay ?
when did the orioles win the pennant , that terminated the earliest ?
who were the parents of the person who said , `` oh , that peace may come ? `` ?
what television show was filmed in midvale and starring shawnee smith ?
on what shows did the actor who played the charactnone0 samantha kinsey have parts ?
what movie were jennifer lawrence and rosamund pike in ?
what form of government is used in the country where bambara language is spoken ?
where did the speaker of the 1949 presidential inauguration with harry s. truman go to school at ?
in which movies , has jennifer lawrence acted in , that kerry barden was the film casting director ?
on the simpsons , who adheres to a diet of veganism , and does the hank azaria voice ?
what nation that 's part of great britain was ruled by william and mary ?
which position does the subject of the picture ray allen february 14th , 2006 play ?
who was the venezuela president who believe in agnosticism ?
which timezone does the place where the drever breed started have ?
what languages are spoken in the country where rusyn is spoken ?
what movie that madonna was in was scott millan a crew member on ?
what film featuring ryan gosling was initally viewed at the none2 ?
what kind of currency is used where the film `` frida '' takes place ?
what kind of school did barack obama go to that has headquarters in citytown cambridge ?
who is the wife of the artist award nominated for to make you feel my love ?
what religion is the subject of the movie `` an american affair '' ?
who was the none2 of simba , and also played the character , richard feynman ?
where did the author of `` the fall of the house of usher '' die ?
which country bordering south africa has the highest calling code ?
what movie did matt dallas act in , and in which costumes where designed by rabiah troncelliti ?
the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng studied what subject ?
what college with the largest number of postgraduates did barack obama attend ?
what location of the murray river is the subject of the movie `` gallipoli '' ?
who is the spouse of the actor in the film national treasure 3 ?
on what continent is al-chark beer produced ?
for what did the actor who portrayed hanna schmitz win an oscar ?
what is the time right now in the place where the movie `` girls ! girls ! girls ! '' is set , which is kauai ?
what location is the site of kennedy 's inaugural address and the neighborhood called dupont circle ?
who was none1 marriage to that was born in none0 ?
which arabic language speaking country has a calling code larger than 973 ?
what caused the death of the actor who was in `` miles davis : that 's what happened live in germany 1987 '' ?
what kind of money is accepted where samanã¡ english is spoken ?
what movie written by george a. romero featured nick cannon ?
what is the spoken language in the county where the movie `` starting over '' was filmed ?
who was the first wife of the actor who played in the film `` town hall party : august 8 , 1959 '' ?
what is the latest movie matt dallas played in ?
what mario lopez work was produced by franco bario ?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the proud and profane '' took place ?
where did the subject of the movie `` none8 '' live with his wife ?
who prompted william shakespeare , to begin writing poetry , and influenced by giovanni pico della mirandola ?
for what is the actor who plays san famous ?
what time zone is the area where the `` now '' newspaper is circulated ?
who was the prime minister of pakistan in 1999 who left his position the soonest ?
what leader of the first communist party of china died in beijing ?
which type of government is utilized , in the country , where the philippines0 is spoken ?
in which city , did the actor that was in the movie , drums across the river , grow up ?
where is shoreditch that was ruled by james vi and i located ?
what languages are used in the birthplace of the dogo argentino breed ?
what language is spoken in the country zaza is from ?
what does the author who published , the book , business @ the speed of thought , own ?
in what state did the topic of the battle of antietam2 image happen ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the brewery for brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre is located ?
what occupations does the none2 from the film tarzan and jane do ?
where did the person who said `` mournful and never-ending remembrance '' die ?
what is the capital city of the country in which gilroy favourite beer is produced ?
where did none3 graduate from university , and that has less than 5323 undergraduates ?
who played the character none0 's wife ?
which actor that was a golden globe award nominee was marriage to none3 ?
of which bands was the lyracist of `` joe satriani0 '' a member ?
what actor played the father of the character shyam s. malhotra ?
who was the person that stated , `` oh , that peace may come . '' 's , marriage to ?
what 's the major language spoken in the country , where athenian brewery s.a. , producer of alfa hellenic beer , is manufactured ?
which city of residence for charlton heston is the birthplace of dennis northcutt ?
what major religion practiced in poland is the religion that worships the deity jesus christ ?
in what films did the actor from `` he 's a bully , charlie brown '' appear in 2011 ?
what taylor lautner movie was production designed by david brisbin ?
which person who raised queen victoria died earliest ?
which nationality is the author , that published , mother teresa : in my own words ?
which film was directed by sue chan and featured nick cannon as an actor ?
what film released earliest did zac efron star in ?
what language is spoken in the country where the straits times newspaper is distributed ?
of all the fin things to do in philadelphia , which organization had the earliest founding date ?
what time zone is the jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named rob ford ?
which state affected by hurricane irene uses a fossil as its state symbol ?
who 's the president of the location , which includes the second level division , la uniã³n in 2012 ?
what university did rudolf virchow conduct his research , that has the largest number of undergraduates ?
what movie starring ryan gosling that is about sex doll ?
what airport is close to the 2005 daytona beach photo ?
what form of currency is used in the nation where obolon zhigul beer is made ?
which countries have an internet domain of eu and are a part of the united kingdom ?
of all the fun things to do in kansas city , which is the structure that opened latest ?
what did ron howard direct that was produced by brian grazer ?
what newspapers circulate in the location of the place where `` fleet week '' 2 takes place ?
who was the spouse of the person none0 dedicated his work to ?
where was the birthplace of elwood henneman , as well as where kennedy 's inaugural address took place ?
what school did the artist nominated for `` kurt vonnegut2 '' go to ?
what are the zip codes in devenport iowa , south county ?
what are the national sports of the country where the senate of puerto rico is found ?
where is the location of the movie `` shoot 'em up '' ?
what lanugage is the primary language of ireland and also has a speaking population in the philippines ?
who marriage the person who said , `` you can not make a revolution in white gloves '' ?
who played jacob black in the movie that starred gregory tyree boyce ?
from what university did the person who said , `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' graduate ?
which leader of the first communist party of china once quoted `` all reactionaries are paper tigers . `` ?
which language is found in the fictional tortall universe and is spoken by australian people ?
what three areas should i visit in the location where the film `` casanova '' takes place ?
what languages are spoken in the country where otro mundo golden ale beer is produced ?
on which continent did the chihuahua breed originate ?
which harry potter books are about a parallel universe ?
who 's the president of the location , that has a governmental body called , the french ministry of foreign affairs ?
what form of currency is used in the country where boon rawd singha lager beer is made ?
what are the theories and profession of the person the film `` charles darwin2 '' is about ?
what taylor lautner movie was edited by christopher greenbury ?
what is there to do in the area where the `` veäernji '' newspaper is circulated ?
which us state shares a border with tennessee , and is where the fictional character ed kealty was born ?
the fictional universe regenesis and ontario are located in what time zone ?
when did the los angeles kings beat the new jersey devils for the championship ?
which jane austen books are films , that was production designed by sarah greenwood ?
who served in the republican partyican political party and is the current ohio state senator ?
what language is spoken where the government of egypt is located ?
what was the movie job of russell lukich and something jack kevorkian did ?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange ?
what tv show with less than 60 minutes run time was arsenio1 in ?
in which time zone is the oklahoma house of representatives ?
which type of currency , do they use at the location which includes , the second level division , la uniã³n ?
what place with a street address on bennelong point in sydney should i visit ?
who played the character none0 's wife ?
who was an elected gloria macapagal-arroyo1 president whose position ended after manuel l. quezon0 ?
what state is in the location where the newspaper now is circulated ?
what year did the cleveland indians make it to the world series , where the results were 4-2 ?
what does the artist award nominated for , black or white enjoy eating ?
what artistic movement to which henri matisse belonged influenced bauhaus ?
what are the official languages spoken where samaná english is spoken ?
what is the currency of the country where harbin beer is produced ?
what site of the battle of appomattox court house was established earliest ?
what did the person who said `` all honor 's wounds are self-inflicted '' do and who was it ?
who are the parents of the actress who played the character `` ring toss girl '' ?
which films has taylor lautner played in whose casting director was deborah aquila ?
whats 's the name of the location where the subject of the film andrew jackson : good , evil and the presidency grew up ?
which university with more than 16751 undergraduates did clay matthews attend ?
what hotel in san francisco is located at 495 geary street ?
in what city was the person who stated `` nothing pains some people more than having to think . '' shot ?
what movie with music by michel legrand did diana ross play in ?
what is the currency used in the location of the film `` la hora de la siesta '' ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction in which tzipi livni holds a governmental office ?
the location where allen iverson currently lives , that contains a neighborhood named brookwood hills ?
which superbowl , did the baltimore ravens win , that ended the latest ?
what movie about boxing is omar epps in ?
what taylor lautner movies were produced by anthony katagas ?
which artist created mickey mouse and wrote the movie `` disney princess sing-along songs : enchanted tea party ? `` ?
who inspired the politician who held the position under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness ?
where is a place for a family to stay where the movie `` breathless '' takes place ?
what language is spoken in the country of origin for the montenegrin mountain hound ?
what languages are used in the place where the canchim breed originated ?
what state was the artist nominated for `` none0 '' the senator for ?
what team that uses the american airlines center did derek fisher play for in 2012 ?
the film `` la hora de la siesta '' is located in a place with which religion ?
which type system of government is practiced in the area , in which the newspaper , the punch is circulated ?
what character did the actor that played the character dainty play in ben stiller0 ?
what nick cannon movies feature the song `` the book of love '' ?
what is the currency of the place where the movie `` the treasure of sierra madre '' is located have ?
the author who published editions for poems by currer , ellis , and action bell died of what ?
what are good places to stay in the area where the movie `` festival in france '' was set ?
where did robert hooke get his education , in england ?
who won the presidential race in the country with vice president of venezuela ?
what artist was an influencer and inspriation to both william styron and john steinbeck ?
what structure that opened the most recently has things to do in daytona beach ?
what nation where arabic language is the official language has the smallest country calling code ?
what time zone is the location where the movie `` attention shoppers '' takes place ?
from which city , is the location where the movie , `` festival in france '' , occurs , obtain its title ?
who influenced the person who said , `` in politics , what begins in fear usually ends in folly '' ?
what is the government system in the jurisdiction with the title `` supreme leader of north korea ? `` ?
what is the currency of the placed where the federal government of brazil is located ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that was released on video ?
which shows are filmed in new york , and the tv program has less than two seasons ?
of the children that were in the kennedy family , which was a politician , that held the government position , attorney general ?
what schools educated the subject of the film `` barack obama anak menteng '' ?
what is the type of government in the country where san miguel ( philippines ) cerversa negra is made ?
who plays effy stonem on the tv show that has the `` skins theme song uk '' ?
which movies has taylor lautner been in , with the smallest tv program episode , duration ?
what ron howard work was production designed by jack t. collis ?
who is the wife of the artist nominated for `` a funny thing happened on the way to the future '' ?
what was the earliest founded sports team that deion sanders played for ?
which countries uses an internet domain of ao has goods exported from south africa ?
who played kirk , the actor that played the character jack frost ?
who started the presidency earliest and served as president during world war ii in the us ?
what 's the official language used in the circulation area of the newspaper reference news ?
what work starring ian somerhalder that had vilmos zsigmond as its cinematographer ?
what other language do fiji people speak that is also in the fictional universe the buffyverse ?
what language that 's mainly spoken in greece do people use in the czech republic ?
of the jane austen books that were made into movies , which is the movie that was released most recently ?
what movie with casting director joanna colvert did jenna dewan play in ?
who 's the actor that was in the movie , elton john : someone like me ?
of what art movement was the person who said `` time stays long enough for those who use it '' a proponent ?
what language is spoken in the area affected by typhoon keith ?
what state adopted their location symbol after connecticut4 and includes the city of glastonbury ?
what place whence brian griese comes is the home of the miami marlins ?
in what time zone is the subject of the image `` skyline denver ? `` ?
which actor who portrayed major general william f. marquat was betty white0 to betty white ?
what is the home country of the composer of `` i am your leader ? `` ?
what famous buildings in chicago that were opened after 5-12-1930 ?
what movie starring charlie hunnam that was written by anthony minghella ? ?
what sports team founded earliest did lamar odom play for this year ?
what trading partner of portugal is the site where aztec mythology took place ?
who was the none2 in 2011 of the place that has an official motto of `` none0 '' ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of the place where hakim stout beer is made ?
what country has the vice president of malawi as a government position and includes none3 as a language ?
what language is spoken both in fiji and the fictional universe buffyverse ?
what location of kennedy 's inaugural address is the place in the fictional universe of `` hard to be me '' ?
what trades is the author of `` the wonderful story of henry sugar and six more '' known for ?
what country has jamaican english as a spoken language ?
what continent on a world map can the original location of the singapura cat breed be located in ?
what did the actor that played in the film , bobby darin : mack is back , die of ?
who inspired the work of the person who said , `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' ?
what is the spoken language used in the country in the image ð¯ð¼ð°ð¹ðºð°.ðð°ð¿ð° ?
what countries have a antive language based off of the topic in the image oldenglish.jpg ?
what university with undergraduate less than 26713 did jackie robison attend ?
what languages spoken in switzerland also appear in the fictional universe of `` heroes in hell '' ?
what currency is accepted in the government of thailand ?
what places has the actor who played henry hooker lived ?
in which film featuring the cinematography of chritopher doyle has taylor momsen appeared ?
what is the name of rihanna 's latest released 2012 album ?
if i was visiting the country where they make desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer what money should i bring ?
in which city is perpignan located , that is the administrative division , in the country of france ?
which country include villich within the lcoation and is in western europe ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2012 , that was the latest , that terminated their government position ?
when did my personal favorite special agent mcgee start on the fabulous program that featured the multipart episodes `` none0 '' ?
who is the husband of the actor who played in the movie `` none0 '' ?
which political system is employed by both bolivia and the united states of america ?
what was the name of the cancer that the composer of `` i shot the sheriff '' passed away from ?
what film starring regina hall that was released to the distribution medium television ?
what is the name of the wife of the author who published `` 1945 '' ?
what religions are practiced in the location where ottoman turkish is a spoken language ?
what us states has the viola as an official symbol and is a part of the new england region ?
which indiana jones movies did george lucas edit ?
what type of currency is used in the country with government of mexico ?
in the country where the saek language is spoken , what language is spoken ?
what is the political system where the akhbar el-yom newspaper is circulated ?
what is an import trading partner with the country where bochkarev krepkoe beer is brewed ?
what football player who was the falcons quarterback in 2012 completed more than 60 passing attempts ?
what movie about soccer did charlie hunnam play in ?
what do people speak in the area where the `` south africa4 '' is circulated ?
who is the person that inspired barack obama and was influenced by redd foxx ?
what are the official languages of the place where the argentina argentina peso ley is used as currency ?
if you 're sponsored by circuit city , what is your occupation ?
what 's one of the four official languages of the nation where the idoma dialect is spoken ?
what major religion is practiced where the israeli lira is accepted as currency ?
what is the lastest released film that taylor lautner has been in ?
when did the orioles win the pennant , were the results were 4-0 ?
which currency is utilized at the country , that has the government position , president of mexico ?
what was invented by teh author of `` mathematical principles of natural philosophy ? `` ?
in which sea , does the subject of the picture , dusk on the yangtze river , flow into ?
what is the profession of the person about whom `` kobe doin ' work '' was written ?
what year did the man who spoke about bimetallism run for president ?
the person who said `` i destroyed my enemy when i make him mmy friend . '' was shot with what item ?
which of the taylor lautner 's film that was filmed in washougal ?
what weapon was used against the person who stated `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency ? `` ?
who are the brothers of the artist who was nominated for awards for `` none0 '' ?
which languages are spoken at the location that has a governmental office holder , named s. r. nathan ?
who does the person who played kimihiro watanuki do a voice for ?
of the movies that matt dallas acts in , which was the latest released ?
which person influenced by baron de montesquie said `` n politics the middle way is none at all ? `` ?
what is the capital city of the area the die vaderland newspaper is distributed ?
where is the university of the rockies located , and also produces the beer coors light ?
which country has mäori as an official language is where japan imports from ?
where did the the war , where one of the combatants was turkey occur ?
by what was the subject of gore vidal 's lincoln killed by ?
which of albert speer 's designs opened most recently ?
where is louisville and the place that has the administrative division of the country of the united states of america ?
what years did 1953 world series6 sports team win the world series ?
who 's the president of the location , in which the newspaper . granma was circulated in 2009 ?
what religion in russia refers to their deity as god ?
which movie directed by christopher brown did taylor lautner play in ?
what war was george washington associated with that had the force size greater than 224 ?
what is there to do today in the area where the redbrick newspaper is circulated in the uk ?
what nation in which turkish is spoken has the largest calling code ?
what position did james madison hold in the house of representatives ?
what was the cause of death for the actor who played the character `` larry hagman0 ? `` ?
what was the religion followed by the subject of the movie `` the god who was n't there ? `` ?
what is the capital of the country that speaks samanã¡ english ?
who played alexander luthor and was born in south orange ?
which locations from which turkish people come have calling codes bigger than 387 ?
what time zone is in the state that have mayor of san diego ?
what college did the topic of the image mattias matthias jakob schleiden attend ?
what neighbor of tennessee is the political division with an official state insect ?
in the michael jackson film this is it in the wiz , who did the subject play ?
what classes of art did the person that said `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding . '' produce ?
what currency is used in the country where the second level division salcedo is located ?
which god does the religion , where the deities is called , `` the father '' believe in ?
what is the name of the person who played coy hubbard ?
what movie nominated for a `` piaget producers award '' was taylor momsen in ?
what home of president barack obama is the location of the d.c. dollhouse ?
what was the earliest event that george w. bush was sworn in at ?
which style of art , is depicted by the subject of the picture , andy warhol 1977 ?
when was the actor who portrayed cmdr . casey abbott sworn in as president ?
which peer of edward burne-jones was influential on the career of frank lloyd wright ?
in what time zone is the setting for the movie `` attention shoppers ? `` ?
what is the ethnicity of the artist recognized for his/her work on `` good girl gone bad ? `` ?
who is the brother of the celebrity who portrayed justin bieber0 ?
into which sea does the body of water beneath jiangyin bridge empty ?
what movie fatured emilio estevez as a actor and starred nick cannon ?
what people were influences on the subject of michael jackson 's `` this is it '' film ?
what did none2 direct that was edited by daniel p. hanley ?
what was the most recent movie released to feature taylor lautner ?
who is the actor who played the daughter of the character lust ?
what show with number of episodes greater than 35 did kellie martin star in ?
what area of the world is the country who speaks the mískito language ?
which current arizona senator served in the republican party of virginia ?
which university , did sir ernest rutherford attend , whose organization founding date is after 1856 ?
what countries import items from the nation that brews duncan 's founders organic brewery tall blonde beer ?
what religion was followed by the person who gave advice such as `` fashion your life as a garland of beautiful deeds ? `` ?
where should i stay as a tourist in the location where the film `` eden court '' takes place ?
what movies with the longest running tv program episodes did robert pattinson play in ?
what movie directed by ron howard uses the southern athabaskan languages language ?
what tv show based on a story by stephen king did shawnee smith have a role in ?
the area where the aurora de chile newspaper is circulated uses what currency ?
which actress was none0 to the actor who starred in the movie peter frampton : live in detroit ?
what country speaks english and has county laois as a second level division ?
what film did nick cannon star in that was released latest ?
what type of democracy do belarus and the united states of america both have ?
what is the main language of italy that is also spoken in switzerland ?
what is the person who said `` what you are will show in what you do '' most famous for ?
which country of the four in the united kingdom , is the location in which hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry is ?
which airport is in france and paris ?
which movies has taylor lautner been in 2011 , that the music was by carter burwell ?
which peer of max beerbohm inspired albert einstein ?
what movie released in scottish gaelic was leo howard in ?
what show has a running time of more than 22 minutes and starred taylor lautner ?
what 's the national sport in the country where vieques sun bay beach is located ?
who 's won the presidential race in the circulation area of the newspaper none0 ?
who published `` stephen covey0 ? `` ?
whichtv shows did shawnee smith act in , that was edited by patrick mcmahon ?
what are the parent 's names of the actor that played the character appoline ?
who are the people in the ohio state government with barry goldwater ?
what country is a fiction part of the jojo 's bizarre adventure universe and has german as an official language ?
what country trades with the uk and has a government offical named milton margai ?
what picture authored by randall wallace features taylor momsen ?
for what is the charlie chaplin4 in the movie `` the essential charlie chaplin : vol . 8 '' most famous ?
what country controlled by the house of habsburg has bavarian as a spoken language ?
in which city , does the actor that was the character , alex russo , live ?
what fantasy movie is kat dennings in ?
where did the actor that starred in the film on the right track die ?
what languages are spoken in the country where brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer is produced ?
which movies did ron howard direct , that is in the chinese language ?
what language is spoken in the country where the second level division setãºbal district is located ?
the governmental jurisdiction that has a position in the government known as yang di-pertuan agong is in which time zone ?
what religions are there in the place where the none2 breed originated in ?
which college from which morgan freeman graduated has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what is the main language in the region where the newspaper haaretz circulates ?
who was marriage to the person who said `` the sky is no longer the limit ? `` ?
what time zone is the country that brews jã¤mtlands bryggeri hell beer located in ?
which type of currency , is utilized at the location , where the breed molossus originated ?
in what location did the subject of the movie the death of edgar allan poe pass away at ?
who was the father of the author of `` death of a salesman '' ?
what country did the house of habsburg control , and was a military combatant that was involved in the battle of methven ?
what event ended after 1900-07-06 , as well as the year william jennings bryan ran for president ?
who is the none2 in 2011 of the place that has a position titled the florida attorney general ?
what actor played tin woodman and was an inspriational source to former president barack obama ?
for which team with an outside forward on its roster does emile heskey play ?
what language is found in the fictional universe buffyverse and is also spoken in singapore ?
of the record labels to whom kelly clarkson is signed , which was founded first ?
where has the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' lived ?
what currency is used in the place where the aegean cat breed originated ?
who all inspired the author of `` dreams from my father '' ?
of the movies that zac efron starred in , which is the genre : coming of age ?
where is the location of the film `` nam 's angels '' ?
what battle did stonewall jackson partiicipated in that ended the earliest ?
who was the author of la fonction de la poã©sie who inspired michelangelo ?
what languages are spoken in the home of alfa edel pils beer ?
where does the body of water located under mechanicville bridge start ?
what is something to visit in denver that is located at 2930 e. warren ave ?
of the countries bordering south africa , which has the largest number of people in their army ?
where did the person who said `` her voice is full of money . '' go to school ?
what is the main language spoken in the place where the canchim dog breed originated in ?
what is the earliest film liam hemsworth played in ?
which actress who portrayed the mother of none7a authored the film `` new york , i love you ? `` ?
what kind of political system does the subject of the movie `` inside north korea '' have ?
what movies are being directed by the artist who was award nominated for `` lara croft : tomb raider '' ?
what is the time zone of the area where the `` honolulu record '' newspaper is circulated ?
when i visit kansas city next month , what amusement park that opened latest is a place i should visit ?
what currency is used in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made ?
what are the most common languages spoken where the federal supreme court of switzerland is located ?
what currency is used in the country where the egyptian mau breed originated ?
which three teams of the american league in baseball , were founded after american league0 ?
which official german speaking country has the highest calling code ?
what film used the su dollar as currency and was directed by ron howard ?
which founder of the communist party of china died from bladder cancer ?
which language is spoken , where the government of argentina is at ?
where was f. scott fitzgerald , university educated , and has the largest number of postgraduates ?
for what is the artist nominated for awards for `` sweet thursday '' best known ?
who influenced paulo freire and was a leader of the first communist party ?
what has the author of `` angelina jolie0 '' accomplished ?
in what time zone is the area where the indianapolis news circulates ?
what form of currency is circulated in the circulation area for royal thai government gazette ?
what movie is zac efron in about basketball ?
what language ( s ) did the breed egyptian mau speak ?
when did the baltimore orioles win the world series , that was the earliest that occured ?
what was the cuase of surgery for the artist nominated for the cannonball run ?
what type of music does the litigant in the case trial of michael jackson perform ?
which taylor lautner movies have featured costumes designed by michael wilkinson ?
what colleges with the smallest number of undergraduates did theodore lesieg attend ?
who was the person that stated , `` without alienation , there can be no politics . `` , father ?
where is the great pyramid of giza located , and has the smallest country 's army ?
when the person about whom the movie `` king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis '' was shot , where was he ?
what american league baseball team has their arena as the rogers centre ?
what type of artist is the artist of `` henri matisse2 '' ?
what type of art was done by the subject of the film `` vincent van gogh : painted with words '' ?
what are the countries of export for the mäori speaking country ?
what was the brith place of the author who wrote `` the rose that grew from concrete ? `` ?
who is the actor that played the character lady edith 's daughter ?
which movies did chris farley act in , where the costumes where designed by durinda wood ?
what is the time zone in the country where brahma bock beer is made ?
where did the actor grow up who was in the movie `` dolly : live from london '' ?
what movie did alex hajdu do production design for that regina hall was in ?
who influenced both frank lloyd wright and katherine mansfield ?
what birthplace of the iroquois indians has a governmental jurisdiction symbol that was adapted latest ?
which actor played the character , chelsea kane2 ?
which languages are spoken at the location , where the breed , huntaway originated ?
what movie was michael jackson in decorated by edward stewart ?
what schools did the actor who played in the movie `` lil wayne6 '' attend ?
what occupation does the person in the image vick 6 do for a living ?
what was the last year the los angeles kings won the cup ?
what disease the the perosn who was the focal point of the image jackosbourne get stricken with ?
what are the names of the movies the composer of the j.j. abrams2 directed ?
what other films and tv shows does the actor who played the character office lister play a role in ?
what is there to see in the place where the `` dallas times herald '' newspaper is circulated ?
what geographic location is the circulation area of the newspaper the clarion ?
what organization headquartered in windsor is the school where robert boyle studied ?
what is the political system used in the country with newspaper akher saa ?
what former presidents of the philippines were buried in the manila north cemetary ?
who did the actor of `` streetball : the and 1 mix tape tour season 2 '' first play for ?
who is the first wife of the actor who appeared in all my friends are cowboys ?
who was vp , for the political appointee , that had the title of the white house deputy ?
what job was held by both stephen r covey and pam huckaby ?
what country does china border that has the astrakhan district as a second level division ?
where did the actor from the movie `` live in london '' attend school ?
what is the state flower of the place that has an official symbol of the new mexico spadefoot toad ?
what is the president that said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency '' known for ?
where to stay in san francisco , ca , with the street address , 2 new montgomery street ?
which country that has compatible bs 546 power plugs is a major trader with germany ?
which movies did nick cannon star in , that has the genre : coming of age ?
what movie was taylor momsen in that had music by john debney ?
what form of currency is used where the language samaná english is spoken ?
name the political system where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made . ?
what currency is used in the location containing the second level division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a ?
what is the nationality of the author of mother teresa : essential writings ?
who was born in ube and served as the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 ?
which quentin tarantino4 movies did quentin tarantino star in ?
which country that is a member of the united nations security council has the smallest army ?
what home of tennessee williams has a the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
which 2013 senators from virginia served during the 110th united states congress ?
in the country that has a chuvash language speaking population , what type of government is run ?
what action/adventure movie was chris farley in ?
what location did the person the film `` chasing mavericks '' is about die in ?
what is the oldest sports team nolan ryan played for ?
with the smallest country army , where is the galápagos islandss located ?
which fictional character does sally draper 's parent get engaged to ?
who does the subject of the image , sam bradford play for ?
what is the official currency of the country of origin for archa beer ?
julia gillard is a member of the same party that also wrote federal executive minutes in 1915-1955. what is the party 's name ?
what type of money is used where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made ?
what type of currency is used in the country that produces al ahram stella beer ?
what is the job of the actor that played the character justin petersen ?
what type of currency is used in the country which uses the coat of arms of mexico ?
what is the subject of the film marilyn famous for ?
what was nikola tesla inventions that is what guglielmo marconi referred to ?
which country that was ruled by phillip iii of spain uses euro as the main currency ?
who was the leader in the country in 2012 where the newspaper granma is circulated ?
what is the capital city of the brazilian portuguese speaking country ?
what are some good hotels in the location where `` tales of the city '' is set ?
what is the closest airport to the location that has governmental officer named john blake rice ?
who plays blaine in the movie anthony wellington appeared in ?
where is the person who the movie `` the rough riders '' about buried ?
of taylor lautner 's films , which was released first ?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` the motorcycle diaries '' takes place ?
which german speaking countries has the calling code greater than 352 ?
what movies feature both taylor momsen and josh ryan evans ?
which is the latest structure opened , to see in downtown asheville , nc ?
what 's the national language , of the governmental body , which includes the islamic consultative assembly ?
what movie produced by courtney solomon was selena gomez in ?
which team does emile heskey play for , that was the earliest founded ?
what english language movies is omar epps in ?
what languages does the location that contains najdi arabic4 speak ?
what time zone is the location where politician brian calhoun holds office located in ?
who marriage the person who said `` action is eloquence '' ?
what do people speak in the country where phuthi language8 beer is made ?
who played darth vader in the original star wars movies , and was born in arkabutla ?
what nick cannon movie was decorated by gary fettis ?
what occupation did the person that said , `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat . '' have ?
governmental office holder regina lp china is from what governmental jurisdiction ?
what political system is shared by malaysia and the birthplace of baldur von schirach ?
what 's the time zone of the location for the movie `` my son , my son , what have ye done ? `` ?
what job did the person who said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' have ?
who was richard nixon vice president who ended his position after 10-10-1973 ?
what home of president barack obama contained a neighborhood called dupont circle ?
what is the movie from morocco that chad michael murray was in ?
what city did the film `` american affair '' take place in ?
what school with a number of undergraduates over 7814 did barack obama attend ?
in what town in sumter county is the university of west alabama located ?
what is the main language in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is produced ?
what are things to do around the san jose6 neighborhood ?
what was the person that said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency . '' wife 's name ?
what language is spoken in the setting for `` noi the albino ? `` ?
who plays alex diaz whitlock and was roxanne in `` ghost rider '' ?
which person quoted `` we gain freedom when we have paid the full price ... '' and was the author of the jana gana mana ?
what was directed by gene serendena and starred ashley greene ?
ellen mirojnick designed the costumes in what movie ( also starring ashley green ) ?
which type of currency , should i take to the country , where turkeyk tuborg troy beer , is produced ?
which university attended by woodrow wilson has more than 1048 postgraduates ?
what inspiration of pablo picasso '' -u 's art was interred in pã¨re lachaise cemetery ?
what currency does the place where nova roma is have ?
which movie in which taylor lautner has acted was released most recently ?
what is the earliest author who influenced arthur conan doyle ?
according to the film an american in paris , where should a family stay ?
what is the person who said `` it is in pardoning that we are pardoned '' the patron saint of ?
who marriage the subject of the movie `` jordan rides '' ?
what is the place where the actor in the filmtim mcgraw : greatest video hits was raised ?
which movies have robert pattinson in , that was decorated by jim erickson ?
what writer that was influenced by henry vaughan influenced charles dickens ?
which type of government is where the guinness foreign extra stout ( nigeria ) beer is made ?
who that has the earliest death date does barack obama look up to ?
which country represented by francis drake is an administrative division of the united kingdom ?
what movie has areleased verision in yue chinese and is directed by j.j. abrams ?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper heute is circulated ?
who was the president of the country of origin for the araucana breed in 2011 ?
what bordering country to england that has government holder named leuan wyn jones ?
who discovered neptune and was discovered by joseph louis gay-lussac ?
what work does the actor who portrayed henry methvin do now ?
what country has spanish as their main language , and is also the place where the fictional character nahuel was born ?
what utah attorney general ended their governmental position earliest ?
who played sidney bernstein on snl ?
who was the first spouse of the person who played the character `` none2 '' ?
what languages are used in the country where the breed gull terrier was originated ?
what is the currency used in the country where the royal thai government gazette is published ?
where did the author of `` tik-tok of oz '' live ?
what currency is used in the location represented by the topic of the image `` french_flag '' ?
what kind of currency does the counter where red stripe beer is made use ?
what peer of franã§ois arago discovered neptune ?
who did sam houston answer that was featured in `` when the nines roll over and other stores '' ?
what did the author of the audacity of hope study in school ?
which of the four nations comprising the united kingdom was featured in the work `` the newcomers '' ?
which country ruled by queen elizabeth ii produces red stripe beer ?
who inspired john steinbeck , that was influenced by thomas wolfe ?
which afrikaans language-speaking country has the smallest standing army ?
what songs were sung by the subject of the image `` patrick swayze4 '' ?
what religion is most procticed in the place where the move `` defamation '' occurs ?
what place with a population over 806000 did kennedy 's inaugural address take place ?
what form of government is led by the political appointee who held the title first secretary of state ?
who is currently the president of the country that inlcudes the poltiican position of vice premier of the people 's republic of china . ?
what is the movie that liam hemsworth and rob nokes participated in ?
what ian somerhalder work is a tv program with the smallest run time ?
what city is the person who stated `` i do n't pretend to be captain weird . i just do what i do . '' from ?
what team that played in the 2010 stanley cup was nominated for awards at the 2010 espy awards ceremony ?
what language invented by l. l. zamnhof do australians speak ?
what is the spoken language used in the country where pakistan8 breed was originated ?
what kind of government does the place where the mexican hairless dog breed originated from have ?
in which city , was the location of the topic of the movie , an american affair , when he got shot ?
what german movies has robert pattinson starred in ?
in `` fast and furious , '' what character is played by the actor who portrayed the character mike riley ?
who played alexander luthor and was born in snyder ?
in which city , does the chef and author that published , barefoot contessa at home , live ?
what japanese movie was taylor lautner in ?
which country that speaks modern standard arabic was the first gulf war fought in ?
in which country did the vietnam war occur , and that has an internet top level domain of kh ?
what movie did ron howard direct that greg cannom was a crew member of ?
what is the main language spoken by australian people whose main country is the republic of ireland ?
what is the currency for the place where the canchim breed originated ?
what is the official language of the governmental body named , state administration of foreign exchange ?
where did the actor who played ali rose grow up ?
of the locations of the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament , which has the structure that was opened earliest ?
what school that wilfred owen went to has the largest number of postgraduates ?
what is the state tree of the place the alabama observer is distributed ?
what movie was kat dennings in that had music by george s. clinton ?
for which companies did the person who stated `` edison illuminating company6 '' work ?
what ryan gosling movie had cinematography by phedon papamichael ?
what airport is close to the location where the movie `` just one of the guys '' takes place ?
who was the louisiana state senator who died the earliest ?
where was the area where the ottoman turkish language is based ?
what genre of music does the award nominated artist for your body is a wonder world play ?
what school did woodrow wilson and sam seaborn attend ?
what movies produced by jon feltheimer has liam hemsworth played in ?
what was van vincent van gogh 's art style ?
what is the dominant language in the country that has governmental office holder named tzipi livni ?
where is the university of alabama located that has a government position called the attorney general of alabama ?
what form of currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper o pasquim ?
in which country does the newspaper zhivoye dyelo is circulated , import from ?
what is the death location of the actor that played the character bacon stains malone ?
who was the new none0 in 2011 , of the location that includes the supreme court of florida ?
what was the actor who played the character julian fellowes4 the author of ?
which film did taylor lautner play alongside shaquille o'neal ?
what is the name of the airport in the area where the phoenix gazette is circulated ?
which country does portugal trade with , and has the iso numeric country number is 012 ?
which state has the earliest governmental jurisdiction location symbol and was where the siege of vicksburg was located ?
which class of political system , does where the currency korean yen is used have ?
who was darth vader in the original star wars movies , and served in the military unit , the james earl jones0 ?
to what countries does the place where the south african pound is used for currency export ?
what currency is used in the area where the newspaper `` granma '' is circulated ?
what administrative center of belgium did the battle of passchendaele occur in ?
what languages are spoken in the government of egypt ?
what author was influenced by tohmas wolfe and in turn , was an influence to john steinbeck ?
who was vice president to the person who said `` seriously , i do not think i am fit for the presidency . `` ?
where did the subject of the image `` dunham signing autographs on april 12 , 2008 '' go to school ?
what 's owned by the person who portrayed the character forbes cover billionaire ?
what city was the author of `` dreams from my father '' born in ?
which languages are spoken , where the government position with the title , prime minister of fiji , is located ?
where is fukushima located ?
what attraction in nashville contains the warner parks steeplechase course ?
where is the place of the fictional regenesis and where bradley walsh lives ?
what time zone is in the location where the movie `` what 's the matter with kansas ? was filmed ?
what other language do the people in the country where rusyn is spoken speak ?
what movie produced by mark burg was chris farley in ?
what type of government is run in brazil and was also formed after the unifcation of italy ?
what type of currency is used in the country that produces santa fe beer factory luna llena beer ?
where in canada do the appalachian mountains run through ?
who was niccolò machiavelli influenced by , that was a psychoanalyst ?
who 's the academic adviser of the william whiston theory ?
what was the language of the roman empire , as well as what they speak in greece ?
what country that mexico trades with has portuguese as a spoken language ?
what time zone is the city that publishes the redbrick newspaper located in ?
what country does the united kingdom import goods from and includes the ambanja district as the second level of their division ?
where did the author of `` the lion , the witch and the wardrobe '' write ?
what movie directed by andrew max cahn was omar epps in ?
which 2012 prime minister '' -g of japan is from the liberal democratic party ?
which war that one of the combatants was hessian was george washington a part of ?
name the shows produced by an actor from the movie the only way out . ?
which country has a power plug type f and speaks arabic language ?
when the actress who played the character april wheeler got an oscar , what film was it for ?
what country , with a calling code less than 421 , did czech republicslovakia become ?
what is the most recently founded sports team for whom ronaldinho played in 2011 ?
what none0 series was distributed by medium television and starrted ian somerhalder ?
which actor portrayed kirk and cmd buck murdoch ?
what country has panama canal and pedasã­ as a second level devision ?
what is the capital of the state in which sean parnell holds an office ?
what movies featuring robert pattinson were produced by lorne orleans ?
what are the coins called in the country where hokkien is spoken ?
what attraction is located at wrigley field street in chicago illinois ?
what movies feature the actor that played the character ryan gosling8 in another film ?
what is the location of the place where the mozambiquean escudo is used as currency ?
what zac efron flick had set designs done by richard roberts ?
what is the capital of the state that 's a governmental jurisdiction in which michael c. geraghty holds a governmental office ?
what cemetary was the person who quoted `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency . '' laid to rest in ?
what language is spoken in the country where the asante dialect is spoken ?
what team that plays at talking stick resort arena did steve nash play for ?
what movie robert pattinson is in was filmed at washougal ?
what country had burmese cats and mm and its internet domain ?
what language is spoken in the country with government position title minister of justice of israel ?
what role did the actor that played the character story play in eclipse ?
which christopher brown movies have taylor lautner in them ?
who brought up queen victoria and died at frogmore house ?
which of the trading partners of china held the legislative session of the 3rd new zealand parliament ?
what is the state flower for the state than has politician teller ammons in office ?
who did the actor that played the character jerry rice0 retire with ?
where did the artist who was nominated for `` how great thou art '' live before he passed away ?
what location of harvard university had the earliest adapted symbol of the local governmental jurisdiction ?
who was the president of venezuela that ended his/her government position the latest ?
what is the first team that the image 264402~shaquille o'neal-o-neal-posters.jpg play on ?
in what part of the wordl is south african english spoken ?
which of michael jackson 's siblings worked as a businessperson ?
for what basketball teams has the actor who played in the film `` basketball0 '' played ?
what zip code is bellevue baptist church in cordova tennessee located in ?
what was the role of the speaker at thomas jefferson 's 1081 presidential inauguration in the declaration of independence ?
what is the money called where the currency brazilian brazilian cruzado is used ?
what form of currency is used in the country that is home to the athenian brewery s.a. alfa hellenic beer ?
which portuguese trading partner has the largest country calling code ?
what languages are spoken in the country which brews gã¶sser export beer ?
what movies in the madonna0 genre featured madonna ?
who was the vp , to the person to whom united states congress dedicated his/her work ?
for what jobs is the kate chopin0 who published editions for `` the awakening ( unabridged classics ) '' well-known ?
what form of government is used where the form of currency is nigerian pounds ?
what scholl was atttended by the actor known for the film , rock mafia presents ?
what film did nick cannon act in that had its storyline authored by mike jefferies ?
what are the inventions of the person who said `` thomas edison4 '' ?
what 's the language of the location , where the movie , '' la hora de la siesta '' , occurs ?
what currency is used in the country where saek is spoken ?
which tourist attraction located in houston , texas was opened at the earliest structure ?
what spoken language is used in the country where h-west b.v. brouwmeester beer is made ?
in the movie batman returns , which character is played by actor who plays william lee hendricks sr in another film ?
what languages are spoken in the country with the government position title prime minister of fiji ?
what language did the citizens of ghana speak when they were dominated by great britain ?
the actor that played the character , finale singer # 2 's , type of music ?
what movie starring chris farley that is based on a character in saturday night live ?
where did the flemish people come from , in which the fictional character , fleur delacour was born ?
what language is spoken in the country that makes el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer ?
what killed the person about the person featured in the movie `` michael jackson 's this is it '' ?
who was the president in 2011 of the area where the newspaper el bogotano circulates ?
what state with the official symbol of populus sect . algeiros that wayne 's state is located in ?
what awards were won by the actor who portrayed none4 ?
which actor in the movie `` the wiz '' performed `` wiz on down the road '' ?
what is the most popular religion in the country that has an israeli ministry of defense ?
who plays jacob black in the movie in which krys hyatt also played a part ?
what type of guitar is played by the composer of `` go your own way '' ?
the river that has its origin at river thames head is located where ?
what other language do they speak in the country where the romansh language is spoken ?
what was the vice president who served under the ppresident who was the subject in the film young abraham lincoln ?
of henry viii of england 's three children , which was buried the earliest ?
which producer of the film 21 has played alexander luthor ?
who influenced john steinbeck to start writing and died from peritonitis ?
what airports are in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental office holder named michael anthony bilandic ?
who owns the sports team that plays football in the pitt stadium ?
in what state with an official state symbol of a reptile would you find area 51 ?
where is the university of alabama located that has an official state symbol of the state insect ?
what are fun places to go in san diego that are amusement parks that opened after 4 july 1925 ?
what movie , filmed in los angeles , features omar epps ?
which country does queen elizabeth ii reign that is the same country that the fictional character hermes conrad was born ?
what languages are spoken by the people ruled by the scottish government ?
seen at the fantasporto film festival in 1993 was a movie in which madonna starred in . ?
what location of uefa euro 2012 produces lech mocny beer ?
who influenced the work of the person featured in the image `` vincent van gogh , c. 1876 , photographer unknown '' ?
how many areas in the image `` flinders view of port jackson '' are from south head and the territories ?
what is the time zone at the filming location of `` into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport '' ?
where would you find the sports team whose arena is the university of phoenix stadium ?
in what time zone does the newspaper now circulated and which also contains ontario ?
what were the artistic techniques used by the subject of `` frida still life ? `` ?
what is the ruling government of the supreme court of chile ?
what is the primary language of the country where red stripe beer is made ?
of the twelve members of the supreme court of the united states which served in the republican party ?
for which sports team did the main character in `` no crossover : the trial of allen iverson '' play for in 2010 ?
what is the best currency to use in the country where samaná english is used ?
who played linette orbison ?
what founder of the federal reserve systemeral reserve board died from a cerebral hemorrhage ?
what form of government is present in the area affected by typhoon utor ?
what is the timezone in the state which contains the supreme court of florida ?
what country does the politician with the title north dakota attorney general hold his position ?
which film starring taylor lautner was released most recently ?
is deval patrick a district representative at harvard university , and where is it located ?
the state administration of foreign exchange is in what jurisdiction ?
which political figure holds the title of secretary of state for human rights ?
to what party does the director for multilateral affairs belong ?
what universit did the politician with the title none0 graduate from ?
which new york state senate created the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what other movie stars liam hemsworth and had a sequel called the hunger games : mockingjay , part 1 ?
who was the coach of the sports team at at & t stadium in 1996 ?
what movie starring leo howard did ellen mirojnick do costume design for ?
what battle for which george washington was president had the fewest number of casualties ?
which area has the camellia tree as an official symbol ?
which of the balkans countries has the smallest country calling code ?
which battles did patrick henry discuss that stonewall jackson fought in ?
what film , directed by j.j. abrams , premierd at shanghai international film festival ?
what relative of john f. kennedy held a position in the 108th u.s. congress ?
on what continent is barada beer 's country located ?
what languages are spoken where the israeli lira is the currency ?
when was the president who once held the title u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia '' nominated ?
which school attended by sir ernest rutherford had the earliest organizational founding date ?
what college did the associate director of the white house office of public liaison go to ?
what is a good place to go that is around 409 e. 5th street in austin , texas ?
which of henry vii of england 's children died in ludlow castle ?
what was the highest political position was held by theodore roosevelt ?
what country is a major trading partner of iran and has the andapa district as a second level division ?
what is the currency used where the proto thema newspaper is circulated ?
the public speaker who made a speech about the assassination of martin luther king , jr. was killed in what city ?
what is the official language of the country in which the guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co. ltd , where zhu jiang beer is produced ?
in which italian speaking countries is the country calling code greater than 55 ?
`` what is the educational background of the white house office of public liaison associate director ? `` ?
what are names of the parents of the person who said , `` but thy eternal summer shall not fade '' ?
in 2012 , who was the president of the country that contains el tambo canton ?
what shows does the actor portraying the scream team0 star in ?
of the clubs peter crouch has played for , which was the sports team that was founded last ?
which people influenced the author of `` immanuel kant0 ? `` ?
what is the national currency of the country of origin for sri lanka brewery lion stout beer ?
the political appointer who had the title of commander in chief of home forces was affiliated with what political party ?
in what country is the newspaper proto thema produced ?
which artist was a peer of claude monet and influenced vincent vincent van gogh 's work ?
what is the last venue which is considered an attraction to be opened in phoenix arizona ?
what movie , filmed at washougal , was taylor lautner in ?
what indiapolis-born actor played mason capwell ?
what kind of park can i go to in san diego , california to do and see things ?
what middel school did the primary focus of the movie barack obama anak menteng go to ?
what state , with an official symbol of ring-necked pheasant , does the missouri river touch ?
which of the movies edited by christopher greenbury star taylor lautner ?
in the country where pivzavod ao vena nevskoye light beer is made , what is the religion of the people ?
which person who inspired barack obama died after june 12,1972 ?
what actor played a character in the film big biz and also played blaine in batman ?
what movie did jennifer lawrence star in also had a dvd released to the distribution ?
in which state , for which the governmental jurisdiction location symbol was adapted after 1967 , is roswell/none1 located ?
what ent_matt moore4 quarterback is a football player whose passing attempts statistic is less than 12 ?
in what time zone is the newspaper excã©lsior circulated ?
what form of government is where the currency the israeli lira is used ?
what does the jennifer lopez8 who portrayed the character jennifer lopez4 do ?
what timezone includes nebraska and the tulsa international airport ?
what is the name of the 2010 president of the country where samanã¡ english is spoken ?
which university with more than 1727 postgraduates did president columbia university5 attend ?
what city is the capital of the province that held the 28th parliament of ontario ?
what country is home to fictional character pwt and speaks arabic language ?
which movie starring taylor lautner is in italian ?
what arena has a capacity of less than 20737 and is home of the florida panthers ?
which country has an internet top level domain of nl and uses the euro as its main currency ?
which of the indiana jones films were released after may 18 , 2008 ?
what movie was directed by j.j. abrams and uses the currency united states dollar ?
what movie was directed by ron howard and produced by lorne orleans ?
which language spoken in brazil is also a language used in the heroes in hell universe ?
what is the country that has the samllest calling code out of all of the french speaking countries ?
who was the vice president during the time period that the movie `` w '' took place ?
to which religion did the author of profiles in courage belong ?
there is body a of water under paraná river0 , where does it flow ?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in france ?
in what county is the topic of the image `` downtowntampa08 '' located ?
what what year did the new york mets defeat the runner up boston red sox in the world series ?
who are the children of the award nominated artist of `` is it something i said ? `` ?
what schools were attended by the author of mathematical principles of natural philosophy ?
which is the most recent structure built in san diego , california that is an attraction to see ?
what writers were influential to the person that said , `` henry fielding2 '' ?
what movie , directed by ron howard , was nominated for an award `` based on the book by dr . seuss ? `` ?
what states have governmental jurisdiction location symbols that were created after 1926 and have the tennessee river flowing through it ?
in what united kingdom country can you find the river thames river ?
what language do they speak both in the philippines as well as in kenosha , wi ?
which currency is used in the country where the language spoken is the zaza language ?
which of the countries where osama bin laden lived has the largest army ?
what former finance minister of japan became prime minister '' -g in 2011 ?
where was dwight d. eisenhower born ?
what high school did the author of to kill a mockingbird attend ?
what location of puerto galera , oriental mindoro has the largest number of people in the country 's army ?
in what location was the person who said `` men willingly believe what they wish . '' when he was stabbed ?
the governmental jurisdiction with the ministry of foreign affairs governmental body has what kind of currency ?
the newspaper brazil em folhas uses what language in its circulation ?
what are all the names of the harry potter books and is the genre of magic real ?
where was the author who wrote `` the diary of a young girl '' born ?
what name is shared by the actor gary delisle and ariel 's six sisters ?
which of the sports teams for which terrell owens played in 2010 was founded latest ?
who is the coach of the team that calls bank of america stadium their home ?
where did tennessee williams live that had a wood duck symbol ?
what was the main political goal of the writer who authored the book the autobiography of malcolm x ?
within the region where the legal daily newspaper is located , what is the official language ?
who serves as the president of the nation that serves as the setting for `` defamation ? `` ?
what was the most recently-released film in which mario lopez featured ?
which college attended by martin luther king , jr. has the smallest number of undergraduate students ?
what are the government types for the the country that uses the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo as currency ?
what movie written by james frey was released on film later than 27 february 1998 ?
which country with compatible power plug type f speaks arabic language ?
of the schools sanjay gupta attended , which organization was founded most recently ?
what kind of currency is used in place of the greek drachma ?
which of the writers who influenced charles dickens died last ?
where was the battle of antiatam creek in washington county ?
who said `` a taste for simplicity can not endure for long '' and influenced pablo picasso '' -u art ?
what utah senators held their seats in the 108th u.s. congress ?
what is the place of death for the main character of the secret life of leonardo da vinci ?
which michael jackson movie was filmed by sony pictures studios ?
what kind of government does the place where cerveza colonos del llanquihue lager premium artesanal beer is made have ?
who influenced vincent van gogh and created a series of art pieces after haystacks ?
in what area is the cyprus weekly circulated ?
what kennedy is also a member of the order of the british empire ?
in what location is the zagreb main city square ?
what country imports into the united kingdom and uses plugs that are type bs 546 : ?
which countries located in sarajevo have the largest armies ?
what university with less than 8064 postgraduates did lil wayne attend ?
what is the name of the hometown where the world 's greatest stand-up comedy collection 's actor comes from ?
in which city did los angeles9 live , and a return specialist was born ?
where is the childhood home of the artist nominated for an award for `` when the stars go blue '' ?
who does the person who spoke about education reform admire ?
what thor move does kat dennings star in ?
which politician holding the position of none0 was also the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 ?
which of the schools attended by sir isaac newton has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
which person is currently the president of the second level division salcedo 2011 ?
what tv series starring mark harmon are programs with fewer than 141 episodes ?
what fun attraction is located in both liverpool and merseyside ?
after the person who stated `` we want to be first ; not first if , not first but ; but first ! '' died , who was the vice president ?
which country did dominican republic1 land on that has an army larger than 2100 ?
which president followed the man who said `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names '' into office ?
what country is imported from by united kingdom and has a governmental body named the new zealand parliament ?
what type of voting system can be found in both kingdom of prussia and japan ?
what is the capital city of the place where the federal government of brazil is located ?
which language is spoken where the prime minister of belgium is located ?
what is the language spoken in switzerland that is mostly spoken in italy ?
which producer of unstoppable was marriage to tom cruise ?
which is the latest founded team that derek fisher played for in 2012 ?
what publisher of the wall street journal is an organization that was founded after 1882 ?
what is the circulation area of the san francisco news-call bulletin ?
which sports team players are associated with roger dean home stadium arena ?
in what year did the orioles compete in the world series with the championship results 4-0 ?
what college degrees did the director for multilateral affairs get ?
what country with top level domain of si did the house of habsburg control ?
who marriage the lyracist for `` garden of eden ? `` ?
what stop motion film featured taylor lautner ?
which english border country has the smallest country calling code ?
what is the nominee for yes , dear known for ?
what language is spoken in the akhbar el-yom 's print media neighborhood ?
what colors does the sports franchise which plays at baltimore ravens0 wear ?
what is the name of the wife of the author who wrote winning the future : a 21st century contract with america ?
whch two us states are location is the setting of the movie `` meet me in st. louis '' ?
what 's the name of the `` light in august '' author who inspired john steinbeck ?
for what attractions do people visit amsterdam that have exhibition venues that opened after 15 october 2004 ?
for what teams did the actor who portrayed none0 play ?
in the country romansh is spoke , how many other languages do they speak ?
which place , where a citizen of georgia was born , does allen iverson live in now ?
what is the most recent hotel to open in san francisco ?
which political party did the commander in chief of home forces lead ?
what languages are spoken in the country with pretoria as capital city ?
what universities did the author of micrographia ( history of microscopy series ) reiceve their degrees in ?
what is the earliest opened attraction there is to see near bangkok ?
what is the name of the currency where the governmental officer joã£o goulart currently holds office ?
what tourist attractions are within the jurisdiction where manuel altagracia cã¡ceres is in office ?
where did the president 's advisory council on financial literacy live as a child ?
what kind of money is used in the brazilian portuguese speaking country ?
what tourist attractions are within the area governed by the houston city council ?
which national sport 's team of puerto rico has a point guard as one of its positions ?
what school attended by martin luther king , jr. has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
which cleveland cavaliers draft pick was sponsored by nike , inc. ?
who played forward position for the none1 ?
who was the defence minister during the israel israeli–palestinian conflict ?
what religion that worships jesus christ was mary todd lincoln part of ?
in which time zone is the governmental jurisdiction which held the legislative session of the 5th oklahoma legislature ?
what state is governed by brian sandoval and includes roswell area 51 ?
which college with the smallest number of postgraduates did barack obama attend ?
which center did the cleveland cavaliers draft in the 2008 draft ?
what are some attractions in the city where the newspaper efteling0 is circulated ?
who was a member of the order of the garter and general for the british in the american revolutionary war ?
what member of order of the coss of terra mariana who is the state senator of arizona ?
what film featuring mario lopez has also included music by scott gale ?
what governmental jurisdiction , which adapted their location symbol in 1938 , was the location of kennedy 's inaugural address ?
who held a position in the 32nd us congress and also served as lincolns vp ?
in which super bowl were the baltimore ravens triumphant with a score of 34-31 ?
which colleges attended by columbia university5 have more than 1727 post graduates ?
where does the associate director of public liaison for the white house live ?
what continent has a government official with the title president of singapore ?
what languages are spoken in the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is produced ?
what movie featured acting by nick cannon and production design by gary frutkoff ?
what is the language spoken in the area which contains the second level division la uniã³n ?
which school that wilfred owen attended has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
what languages are spoken in the country that uses the brazilian brazilian cruzado as money ?
what currency is used in the government of sri lanka ?
what united states senate won the nobel peace prize in 2007 ?
what languages are spoken in the country that makes cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer ?
what show produced by henry winkler were produced by john korty ?
which country did osama bin laden live in which also exports to finland ?
what founder of the none7eral reserve board had a governmental position that ended after 18 january 1946-07-046 ?
air new zealand is an airline at this location and asiana airlines also flies into ?
which of the teams in the phillappines was founded earliest ?
in the country in which harbin beer is brewed , what form of government is currently adopted ?
which movie directed by boaz yakin did ryan gosling star in ?
what country has an iso number of 620 and trades with mexico ?
what language , spoke in south africa is the main language spoken in great britain ?
what can be for a week in the region where hong kong6 is produced ?
what famous book , with isbn13 9780140449150 in this instance or version , did niccolò machiavelli write ?
in what place is harvard university where scottish americans are born ?
what shows were produced by henry winkler with cinematography by jon h else ?
what type of government can be found in saudi arabia and kingdom of prussia ?
what college degrees were obtained by the associate director , white house office of public liaison ?
what was the cause of death of the actor who played in the film `` glago 's guest ? `` ?
who was richard burton , the actor in quo vadis , marriage to ?
what money system does the ministry of foreign affairs use . ?
what book , with the edition isbn 9781425000868 did aristotle write ?
which of the teams for which tyson chandler played was founded first ?
where is united states dollar-using louisville , ne ?
of the schools barack obama attended , which is the university with the fewest undergraduates ?
in the former government that contained the central committee of the communist party of the soviet union , what is the government type ?
which of richard burton 's wives believed in christian science ?
what was the inspiration for the quote `` time is the only critic without ambition ? `` ?
what movie production designed by dan bishopdid did tupac star in ?
what country does the government of new zealand import from ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the drink maccabee beer is produced ?
state state include new orleans and was hoem ot tennessee williams ?
what hilltop park sports stadium houses home games ?
what is the language that is spoken in the area where the breed canchim came from ?
what school of which dr. martin luther king , jr. is an alumnus is the university with the smallest number of postgraduate students ?
which movies in which chad michael murray appears were released after october 26 , 2013 ?
what is the official language of the circulation area for brazil em folhas ?
which of the awards won by marilyn monroe was created earliest ?
`` which actor played the role of james russell 's father in that movie ? `` ?
what occupations was the trade of the author who published editions for go down , moses ?
what movie did ryan gosling act in that was decorated by george detitta , jr. ?
what political systems are in place for the system that contains the state administration of foreign exchange ?
what television shows featured pnone6formances by the actor that played in `` a pup named scooby-doo6 ? `` ?
who was appointed by woodrow wilson and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what languages are spoken by the resident of the country where jamaica english is spoken ?
what country with roscommon county did charlton heston reside in ?
which country that is a member of north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) has a government body called the national assembly ?
what type of guitar does kirk hammett of metallica play in vienna in 2007 ?
what university has the largest number of postgraduates and includes robert hooke as an alumni ?
what language is primarily spoken in greece and also spoken by some people in the czech republic ?
what tv shows produced by henry winkler have more than 44 tv program episodes ?
where did the chief justice of australia live ?
what is the latest structure that opened in san jose , ca that is an attraction ?
in places where the brazilian currency brazilian cruzado novo is used , what is the dollar called ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origina for the scottish fold breed ?
what kind of money should be used in the setting of `` kundun ? `` ?
what television film did quentin tarantino star in ?
who influenced samuel taylor coleridge who worked as an ethicist ?
where is the governmental jurisdiction that has governmental office holder named yury luzhkov and roman abramovich lives ?
which movies star quentin tarantino and have costumes designed by mary zophres ?
what things were invented by the person who stated , `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others . `` ?
where did the energy development public speaker receive his bachelor 's degree ?
what location of the university of the rockies was last to adapt a governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
what was the name of the song that pink composed on atom heart mother 's first album ?
what is the venue that opened after july 1988 which is where the florida panthers play ?
which of the sports team played for by grover cleveland was the team that was founded first ?
what film , done in bosnian , is directed by angelina jolie ?
what awards was the film michael j. fox2 nomintated for ?
who was the vice president of the president who said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency . '' ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the akbash dog breed ?
what fantasy movie stared taylor lautner in 2011 ?
which university attended by lil wayne has fewer than 61400 postgraduates ?
what conlang or `` engineered language '' is spoken by israelis ?
what area uses the cypriot pound as its currency ?
what locality home to jason mraz has a jurisdiction named hanover county ?
what ryan gosling movies were nominated for the 9th satellite awards ?
what movie did alan parker produce that starred madonna ?
what was the author of sidereus nuncius famous for ?
what kind of government is used in the country where the domari language is spoken ?
which college did jay cutler attend which also has a building titled vanderbilt-ingram cancer center ?
what is the title of the book written by the author who was nominated for an award for dear mama ?
what sport has a power forward on its sports team roster in poland ?
during what battle with a max force size larger than 824 was george washington president ?
what are teh government systems in the country where the legislative session of the 3rd new zealand parliament was held ?
what is the state flag called in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental office holder named teller ammons ?
who was lincoln 's vp and held a house of representatives position ?
what system describes both the political system in italy and the government of dominica ?
which team for which hank baskett played in november 2010 was founded last ?
what was the team who the actor who was in the movie `` golden shoes '' played for in 2010 ?
which form of government do germany and brazil have ?
what sci-fi & fantasy television show did jill wagner star in ?
which country speaks english and whose government is called government of ireland ?
what kind of money should i take to a thai speaking country ?
what is the earliest released film that is a movie featuring madonna ?
which language spoken in czech republic uses the abbreviation slk in the rosetta project ?
who are the brothers of the artist who received an award nomination for days of wine and roses and other tv requests ?
what fun thing to do in philadelphia is the structure that opened earliest ?
what is a major city that uses the ukraineian karbovanet as currency ?
who has the artist award nominated for `` none0 '' been none4 to ?
in what zac efron movie was the production designed by david gropman ?
which actor from `` catch that kid '' also played bella in twilight ?
who was marriage to the nominee for lenny kravitz2 ?
in 2012 , who were the senators from the state that serves as the setting for `` blue hawaii ? `` ?
of the schools jackie robinson attended , which organization 's founding date was first ?
what show produced by richard p. rubinstein is taped in new york city ?
what years did the boston red sox win the pennant after 1903-10-13 ?
what politician was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2012 and it the latest japanese prime minister '' -g to end his position ?
what is the job of the nominee for why i oppose the war in vietnam ?
which art movement was the subject of the vincent van gogh : painted with words ?
the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' was born where ?
which senators represent the state that also has the supreme court of new jersey . ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the egyptian mau breed ?
what role in general hispital did the artist nominated for an award on the show , `` james franco0 '' play in ?
which politician inspired by baron de montesquie served as the united states attorney ?
what is the religion of the artist who was nominated for `` the candy man ? `` ?
what genre of music appearing in the movie shadow of the stars was composed by life of franz liszt ?
who are the senators in the state that has the bonneville cutthroat trout as an official symbol ?
where did elvis presley live that has lee county ?
what was the type of larry hagman0 that the actor who played in dallas reunion : the return to southfork died from ?
what language is spoken in the country where the 9th constitutional government ( of portugal ) was in session ?
in what state , with a governmental location symbol adapted after none2 , is the university of west alabama located ?
did the person who invented `` mouse '' invent anything else ?
what film directed by angelina jolie was released first ?
what movie included ryan gosling and was produced by dolby laboratories ?
which of the schools attended by george washington carver has the latest founding date ?
in which city did the person who stated `` time stays long enough for those who use it . '' come from ?
what is the capital of the region with the second level division vienna ?
what language spoken by the sioux indians is also found in the fictional universe the tortall universe ?
which school attended by university of chicago1 has more than 8908 post graduate students ?
which one of michael jackson 's siblings passed away in gary ?
what film in which regina hall was featured was released first ?
which italian-speaking nation has the largest number of people in the country 's army ?
which politican was related to jfk and appointed to his poition by franklin d roosevelt ?
for what sports teams founded after none6 has jason kidd played ?
of the places where jesse owens received an education , which is the university with the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what language is the primary language used in great britain and one of the languages used in pakistan ?
what movie does robert pattinson play in and has cinematography done by guillermo navarro ?
which event of the war for which woodrow wilson was president ended last ?
which of the events in which stephanie rice participated ended earliest ?
what university degrees were earned by the person with the campaign slogan `` yes we can ! `` ?
what did the person who said `` truth is the glue that holds government together '' die of ?
what was invented by thomas edison and joseph swan ?
what forms of government are employed in the country where guinness foreign extra stout ( nigeria ) beer is produced ?
what genres of music were sung by the subject of `` ella fitzgerald : something to live for ? `` ?
what hotels are located in the city where the government of san francisco is in power ?
what movie did ian somerhalder act in that was released on none8 ?
what political system is used in the area where the newspaper die vaderland circulates ?
in what location did the actor from the movie an uncommon kindness : the father damien story get married ?
name the movies produced by richard donner that feature jennifer lawrence . ?
what other language is spoken where the maltese language is the main language used ?
what trading partner of the uk has fewer than 10500 people in its army ?
the person who stated `` expect nothing , live frugally on surprise '' is famous for what ?
what kind of currency is used in the country where the second level division salcedo is ?
what is the earliest amusement park to open in san diego ?
what movie is robert pattinson in that is the prequel to harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . ?
iberdrola sponsors what sports team in spain ?
what is the government system where the korean yen currency is used ?
what movie starring madonna that was written by damon runyon ?
what movie that had cartoon elements was taylor lautner in ?
what language is a part of the west germanic languages family and is spoken in denmark '' -u ?
for what team did the actor who played neon bordeaux play first ?
in what state with a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after none2 is the university of alabama located ?
what movie decorated by george detitta , jr.. did ryan gosling star in ?
what team plays in minneapolis and feature hank baskett as a member in 2010 ?
what was production designed by santo loquasto and had ian somerhalder as an actor ?
what country produces the beer llangollen grange no 1 and is located in the united kingdom ?
the subject of the movie a woman called moses had what jobs ?
from what type of cancer did the artist famous for `` it 's always something '' pass away ?
which province in canada serves as the setting for the movie `` snow dogs ? `` ?
who is the politician who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where ruth dreifuss holds a governmental office ?
for what amusement park that opened later than the rest is charlotte , nc known ?
who has owned the chrysler group llc corporation since 2011 and also owns the voice of america radio station ?
the location where the movie `` d2 : the mighty ducks '' takes place is in what timezone ?
which state bordered by the missouri river adapted their governmental jurisdication location symbol the most recently ?
which hotel in the san francisco in the united states of america should i stay in ?
what city was the title director for multilateral affairs born in ?
what is the official state flower of the state that has a symbol containing ditat deus ?
what year did the detroit pistons beat the portland trail blazers for the nba championship ?
what is the most common language spoken in the country that makes antares barley wine beer ?
which of the tv series starring mark harmon has the longest run time ?
what country has the coat of arms `` seal of the mexico '' where italian is spoken ?
what was the cause of death for the actor who played in the movie nina simone : live at montreux 1976 ?
who was an influence on both albert einstein and jacques lacan ?
what university major did this line 's author pursue : `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool . `` ?
who is the current ruler of the governmental jurisdiction that contains the danish ministry of foreign affairs ?
which college attended by jack london has the largest number of postgraduates ?
what movie released in united kingdom that robert pattinson starred in ?
in what year did the los angeles lakers win the championship 3 to 1 ?
what is the title/employment of the person who published wild apples ?
which country with an internet top level domain of uk is a major trader with germany ?
where is the home of the river thames river and anne krassilowsky ?
what movie stars robert pattinson and has kira roessler as a crew member ?
where does the person featured in the image 800px-selena_gomez_monte_carlo_paris_june_21_2010.jpg live ?
which ryan gosling film has the most recent release date ?
what is the form of government in a country where farsi is spoken ?
what is the birthplace for hte education reform speaker ?
what is the college with over 3408 postgraduates that none7 attended ?
which of the awards won by gary paulsen was established earliest ?
what country is the second level division boquerón district in ?
who are the brothers and sisters of the subject of the film michael jackson 's this is it ?
what is the political system of the government of argentina ?
in the country where people speak the chicomuceltec language , which currency is used ?
which party did the public speaker on education reform belong to ?
what is the religion of the people in the country where old israeli shekel is the currency ?
who is the wives of the actor that played bobby keller ?
in what region is the place where the akbash dog breed originated ?
what is the nationality of the actor who played the character tall girl in bathroom ?
in what timezones does the country that uses the michigan0 as a symbol ?
which supreme court of the united states judge ended their judicial tenure the latest . ?
what kind of government is in place where emanuel lasker was born ?
what property did the subject of the movie `` gone too soon '' own ?
the governor general of the province of canada had who raising him/her ?
what is the government system shared by france and abkhazia ?
what political system is used where the south korean hwan is used as currency ?
what language is shared in both fictitious universe the tortall universe and in pakistan ?
in what movies has the actor who portrayed chris farley8 appeared ?
what kind of money is used in the country containing the supreme court of israel ?
which films that taylor lautner starred in fall under the genre of fantasy ?
who did the death of a prophet actor morgan freeman2 ?
what were the main professional interests of this line 's librarian '' -g6 : `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others . `` ?
where do bradley walsh and fictional character fiona coyne live ?
what instrments are played by the musician who composes octopus 's garden play ?
what type of government is used in both abkhazia and the united kingdom ?
what movies using united states dollar did none5 star ?
which zac efron movie 's prequel was high school musical 2 ?
what country in the region where the juliana breed originated has the largest land area ?
what is the amusement park in liverpool england that has the devistator ride ?
in the area where the canchim breed originated , what is the language used ?
which supreme court of the united states is from the republican party ?
which politician was the first dictator to lead the government of the soviet union ?
which college attended by theodore lesieg has the smallest number of post graduate students ?
which politician who participated in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict started a government position after november 15 , 2004 ?
what buildings are owned by the father of the actor who portrayed waldo 's dad ?
which tv program in which ian somerhalder appears has the longest run time ?
in the area that used the nigerian pound , what political system is in place ?
what areas with dependencies and territories in the united kingdom were affected by hurricane irene ?
what languages are used at the area where the second level division cephalonia is located ?
what location did the siege of vicksburg , kurz and allison depict ?
what was the most recently founded sports team that plays one of the main sports in new zealand ?
what languages are spoken where the court of session presides ?
what football player with a touchdown statistic greater than 0 did kim kardashian date ?
what movies in the harry potter series were robert pattinson in ?
what currency is used in the country that contains the circulation area of social-demokraten ?
which western european country was the topic of alexander mintz 's speech ?
who started google ?
who is the leader of the governmental jurisdiction who office leader is kim jong-il ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the egypt6 breed originated ?
which of audrey hepburn 's husbands died the most recently ?
what schools were attended by the author who published editions for `` mathematical principles of natural philosophy '' ?
what movie did jenna dewan play in that was produced by 50 cent ?
what baseball team that plays in the bronx did deion sanders play for ?
an author published editions for both theodore roosevelt and an autobioraphy 's vice president - who was that author ?
what person born in brest was in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ?
what vice-president under none7 is a politician who started their governmental position after none6 ?
what movie starring taylor momsen was nominated for an award with the describtion `` based on the book by dr. seuss '' ?
who are the new jersey senators in the 111th united states congress ?
which movie starring kat dennings was released last ?
which native english speaking country is the governmental jurisdiction that held the legislative session of the 11th australian parliament ?
what type of government can be found in both the kingdom of prussia and japan ?
what is the name of the flag of the state with the official symbol of yule marble ?
what time zones contain the state that uses the lahontan cutthroat as an official symbol ?
what is the name of the owner of the chrysler group llc corporation 2011 who is also created the pacific halibut fishery ?
which airport in paris operates with the transavia airline ?
which location of the film black snake moan is also where elvis presley lived before he died ?
what is the name of the country that was originally home to turkish people and uses electrical outlets that take power plug type f ?
which languages spoken in switzerland are also spoken in the fictional universe for heroes in hell ?
which of the universities where rudolf virchow conducted his research was founded earliest ?
what person served in the military unit army of northern virginia and fought at the battle of gettysburg ?
what schools in iowa did george washington carver attend ?
what is the most common religion in united states of america influenced by arthur schopenhauer ?
what was the last superbowl won by the team that plays in at & t stadium ?
what movie whose costumes where designed by michael kaplandid starred matt bomer ?
which current ohio state senator ended their government psition before none0 ?
which movie decorated by jay r. hart was chris farley in ?
who owns the team that plays at lambeau field ?
who were some people admired by the author of `` dreams from my father '' ?
which arizona state senator died of a stroke ?
what is the title of a biography created during the harlem renaissance ?
what currency is used in the area which contains the second level division of samsun province . ?
in the nation where the peruvian intl is used , who is the president ?
who is the brother of the nominee for justin bieber0 ?
what destin airport is in eglin air force base ?
who had the title of chief justice of the united states in 2011 ?
what languages are spoken within the jurisdiction covered by the french ministry of foreign affairs ?
what empire ruled by maria theresa is now a country where hungarian is the official language ?
what was the last super bowl won by the team that plays in lucas oil stadium ?
what currency is used in the country that is ruled by the prime minister of senegal ?
jesus christ was the founder of which religion practiced by the ottoman turks ?
which movies , starring taylor lautner , have been released in countries using the united states dollar ?
which of the kennedy children ended his government position after 06-06-1968 ?
what can i do for fun in philadelphia in an establishment opened after 1922 ?
what awards won by louis sachar were established after 1922 ?
what is the official currency of france and åland islands ?
what is the earliest season where steve nash played for the mavericks ?
which regina hall movies were filmed in los angeles ?
what sports franchise operates in poland and was founded after poland8 ?
in which united kingdom country is the form of currency the pound sterling ?
what is the timezone in the area that the movie `` iris '' was set in ?
what is the currency that is used in argentina ?
what are the national sports in the country of origin for the gran mastã­n de borã­nquen breed ?
where is the birthplace of the actor who played og the leprechaun ?
who wrote the music for `` the circus '' ?
in which country would you fine the great pyramid of giza and the birthplace of the fictional character pwt ?
what is the capital city of the country that uses the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo ?
which bangkok attraction is the birthplace of rama iii ?
name the taylor lautner film whose production was designed by david brisbin . ?
in what event , ending later than 16 october 1969 , did the new york mets win the pennant ?
what was invented by joseph swan and thomas edison ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the prime minister of singapore is in office ?
what countries have the native language united states of americaed in niko 's rest palce ?
who was the composer of billie jean in the wiz ?
which representatives are from the state that has yule marble as the official symbol ?
which van vincent van gogh inspiration said `` a taste for simplicity can not endure for long '' ?
which language originates from comoros and is currently the dominant speaking language in israel ?
what is the stadium opened after 07-01-1910 and is the home field of the chicago white sox ?
what film starred regina hall and was directed by david smith ?
which english speaking movies stared michael jackson ?
what school did the public speaker who spoke about none2 attend ?
which religious views are held by the actor who plays morris fenderbaum ?
what time zone would you most likely find a papilio poyxenes ( papilio polyxenes butterfly ) living in ?
where the entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog breed originated , what is the type of currency used ?
what government is used in both the kingdom of prussia and the bahamas ?
what is the time zone of the area with the oklahoma supreme court ?
at what university with fewer than 13,951 postgraduate students did jesse owens receive an education ?
which of the schools attended by f f. scott fitzgerald is headquartered in saint paul ?
what is the form of currency used in the nation that makes kilikia beer ?
what city is the birthplace of deshaun foster and is home to the nascar hall of fame ?
which film , decorated by wilhelm pfau , also starred jennifer lawrence ?
what language is spoken in the area where the film `` convento '' occurs ?
what was the most recent event in which the new york mets won the pennant ?
in what year did the person depicted in the movie jordan rides the bus come start in the nba ?
which of the tv programs with the smallest episode running time is taped in new york city ?
what movie starring selena gomez that is netflix movie four colours grey ?
who owned chrysler group llc corporation in 2011 and was a part of the leary v. case ?
what type of political system is in english and where emanuel lasker was born ?
what are the government types in the setting `` the treasure of the sierra madre ? `` ?
who did the actor who played ava 's therapist none0 in 2012 ?
what major landforms appear in the country of origin for the egyptian mau breed ?
which chad michael murray show does shawn holly cookson design costumes for ?
in which timezone is the setting of the movie `` puncture '' located ?
what form of government is used both in kingdom of prussia and australia ?
from what disease did the person who said `` college is n't the place to go for ideas . '' suffer ?
what city was the birthplace of a famous perosn with the height of 1.85m and the location of kennedy 's inaugural address ?
which language is spoken in gull dong 's country of origin ?
who is the member of order of the british empire that inspired michael jackson ?
what location of louisville , ne is the governmental jurisdiction that adapted its location symbol last ?
what schools were attended by the person who said , `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat '' ?
which of the colleges attended by kurt vonnegut has the largest number of undergraduates ?
what movie with the casting director jenny jue , did quentin tarantino star in ?
what person did the governmental jurisdiction legislative assembly of queensland get their name after ?
which team drafted the actor who portrayed wilt chamberlain ?
which structure owned by donald trump opened after november 30 , 1983 ?
what movie starring nick cannon that has the music of gabriel yared ?
what is political party of the public speaker about egalitarianism ?
where is victoria , british columbia , that is the district represented by brian mulroney ?
what country did 440003 rule where the number of people in the army is less than 47800 ?
of alexander graham bell 's siblings , which died first ?
what college has less than 1738 undergraduates and was attended by robert f. kennedy ?
what is the timezone in the area where xtra ! newspaper is circulated ?
in the governmental jurisdiction where the bureaucrat francisco gregorio billini holds office , where is the best place to vacation ?
what show was shot in new york and was released in the united states of america ?
where was the home of the author who published editions for `` the correspondence of charles darwin , volume 12 '' and his wife ?
which team that kaka played for in 2009 was founded first ?
who influenced the actor in the film wiz on down the road to pursue a music career ?
which state has the wood duck as its state symbol and is also the home of the siege of vicksburg ?
of the jane austen books made into movies , which has the smallest run time ?
which contributor of the film the president 's mystery started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what did joe jonas7 date where the relationship ended after joe jonas0 ?
which state that touches the missouri river was the home of the fictional dorothy gale ?
what timezone would the governor of new mexico , in that governmental jurisdiction , fall under ?
which of producer berry gordy 's movies starred diana ross ?
what prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what is the position on the senate of a character played by harry carey ?
who was a child for king henry the vii and after death , was buried at st george 's chapel , windsor castle ?
where is the home of the author who published `` financial peace revisited '' editions ?
what state is represented in government by haley barbour and was home to tennessee williams ?
which us president with the longest term did baron de montesquie influence ?
what time zone is the region where the fresno metronews is distributed ?
what is the hometown for the artist nominated for unapologetic ?
what tourist attractions are near the setting of the movie `` dhada ? `` ?
which of the quarterbacks for cincinnati bengals has completed the largest passes ?
what battles did harry turtledove write about that stonewall jackson fought in ?
which school attended by kurt vonnegut has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
what tv program featuring jill wagner is the show with the longest episode run time ?
what event occured at nagasaki during the pacific war ?
what people influenced the politician who stated , `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool ? `` ?
what kind of government is the kingdom of prussia and sweden ?
what other movies did the actor who features as nick cannon4 star in ?
what movie written by alex garland has ryan gosling been in ?
what team did the subject of the film cristiano ronaldo0 play for in 2010 ?
what is the most recently released movie directed by angelina jolie ?
what artist buried in westerkerk inspired van vincent van gogh 's work ?
what politicians have held the position of both arizona state senators and the house of representatives ?
what form of currenc is used where the entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog originated ?
where is the administrative city of portugal and a place into which ryanair flies ?
what arabic language-speaking location does speaker jaques bahar use as the topic of his talks ?
where does the band nominated ' i disappear live ' live ?
what movie production designed by santo loquasto has ian somerhalder starred in ?
which senator of new jersey held position in the 111th united states congress ?
on what continent is kotayk lager beer produced ?
what style of music was played by the actor of jimi hendrix : experience ?
what is the language featured in `` beloved '' that is spoken in argentina ?
what movie about genetic engineering did j.j. abrams direct ?
what is the official name of the currency used by the country that circulates the peruvian sol ?
which language , mainly spoken in spain , is also spoken in argentina ?
who inspired john steinbeck to write and passed away later than 8 march 1941 ?
what location of the siege of vicksburg includes the governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest ?
which jungo maruta produced movie was taylor lautner in ?
what are fun things to do in the region where the newspaper the denver post circulates ?
what is the money called in the area where the chihuahua breed originated ?
what language is spoken in the nation where the dog breed malinois originated ?
where was the associate director of the white house office of public liaison born ?
what does instrument is played by the artist famous for `` none2 ? `` ?
what language spoken in northern ireland is also used in the fictional tortall universe ?
which character is played in the avengers by the actor who also played dustfinger ?
what government type does canada and the kingdom of prussia observe ?
what english speaking movies has liam hemsworth been in ?
who is a british general who was the subject of the film `` johnny tremain '' ?
what area has a capacity of less than 18500 and is located in dallas texas ?
what type of government is run in the country where the film defamation takes place ?
which school houses the herbert irving comprehensive cancer center and had president barack obama as an attendee ?
what is the form of government in spain and in the kingdom of prussia ?
what is the predominant language of the region where `` into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport '' was located ?
what film starring taylor lautner has the smallest run time ?
what is the time zone in kentucky near the venice municipal airport ?
in what year and at what event that ended earliest did the miami heat win the championship ?
in the location of the film `` kane & lynch '' what is the timezone ?
which vice president for richard nixon served after vice president number 39 ?
what occupation featured in the prime of miss jean brodie did albert einstein have ?
which movies released after 12-02-2012 was jenna dewan in ?
which state has the official symbol of charter oak and is where glastonbury is located ?
which artist created mickey mouse and voiced the parrot ?
in the county where the argentina peso is used , what languages are spoken ?
what is the official currency used in the region where the movie `` todd & dolph '' takes place ?
what language does the place where the legislative session of the 1st constitutional government of portugal held speak ?
in what world organizations does the conone4try including state administration of foreign exchange have membership ?
the person who said `` none2 '' belonged to which political party ?
what was the movie that was directed by randi hiller and had charlie hunnam in it ?
which member of the order of isabella the catholic won the election for luis fortuño0 in puerto rico ?
which school did robert f. kennedy go to that has the smallest number of postgrads ?
government of baldur von schirach 's birthplace and also the type found in australia . ?
what language is spoken in the place where james adams is in office ?
what new york city sports team did tyson chandler play for ?
which of the 4 countries that are pert of the united kingdom also produces the beer llangollen welsh black bitter ?
which of the locations in which the florida panthers play has the largest capacity ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the federal supreme court of switzerland holds court ?
what canadian city is both the home of the 34th canadian parliament legislative session and the seneca people nation ?
what is the book written by tupac that is isbn 9780743248273 ?
what artist influenced pablo picasso '' -u and is the subject of the movie `` vincent & theo ? `` ?
who plays uhura in the show nominated for the best cast award at the boston society of film critics ?
what facebook founder is the subject of the movie `` the social network ? `` ?
what langague is spoken in the nation where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is brewed ?
what animation movie did madonna starred in ?
what currency is used in the country that serves as the setting of `` iris ? `` ?
which city is the capital of the state with the north to the future symbol ?
which institution containing the herbert irving comprehensive cancer center educated barack obama ?
what battles involved stonewall jackson and also involved the confederate states of america ?
which school attended by bristol palin was founded after 1927 ?
what politician ended their government position after none4 and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
which german language country has a position in its government called minister of state ?
what bosnia and herzegovina main spoken language is also spoken in austria ?
what type of currency should i bring to cyclone hurricane frank 's affected area ?
what political parties had troops that were led by the commander in chief of home forces ?
who is the current leader of the government in which zeng peiyan holds office ?
what are the religions that are practiced in the government of thailand ?
what picture by christopher brown featured taylor lautner star ?
in the film `` vincent van gogh : painted with words '' what was the biggest subject matter influence ?
what character in batman returns is played by the nominee for the country bears ?
which dancer has dated taylor swift ?
which university attended by clay matthews has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what style of music does michael jackson perform in `` celine dion : the colour of my love concert '' ?
which of the countries that portugal trades with started a peer relationship ?
what voting system exists in the united kingdom and in the country where emanuel lasker was born ?
in which stadium where the florida panthers play is there a venue capacity greater than 15200 ?
what are the government systems in place in the government of new zealand ?
who was prime minister of canada in 1993 and also held a position in the 3rd canadian parliament ?
which amusement park in nashville has the rock n ' roller coaster ride ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction that includes the position president of senegal ?
what party was adolf hitler working with that was based in nazism ?
what currency is used in both åland islands and france ?
what film featured nick cannon and the genre of disco as the music ?
which president of the philippines was buried in arlington national cemetery ?
what is currency used in the location which contains the second level division of kuna de madugandã­ ?
which ryan gosling film was released to video distribution ?
what is the meaning of the name of the circulation area for il manifesto ?
what school had the largest number of undergraduates and was attended by theodore lesieg ?
who lists pramatha chaudhuri as an influence and wrote jana gana mana ?
in england , what time zone is associated with the birmingham post print medium 's neighborhood ?
what profession did the person who wrote `` i dream 'd i lay where flow'rs were springing '' follow ?
what universities were attended by the political appointer with the first name chris that was andrew cuomo2 ?
in which setting of the first g.1hhc3smzw7 is the country 's army more than 249000 ?
which soviet union leader during world war ii died most recently ?
what engineered language that is used in australia ?
which venue in nashville , tennessee has a capacity of fewer than 20000 ?
what is the official sate flower of the state in which the arizona house of representatives is housed ?
what was the inspiration for the author of `` john steinbeck0 ? `` ?
what movies did ron howard direct that included jane jnekins as the casting director ?
which movie starring robert pattinson was filmed at washougal ?
what currency does the place that has the courts constitutional court of turkey use most ?
which school , headquartered in atlanta , did martin luther king , jr. attend ?
what person who influenced john steinbeck to start writing has the latest date of death ?
who was the louisiana state senator that died from cardiovascular disease ?
on what continent would you find the country where nama language is spoken ?
who practiced lutheranism and was the creator of pixar ?
what currency is used where china2 of the people 's republic of china is found ?
which southwest airlines hub is closest to the city of chicago ?
which film starring matt bomer was released most recently ?
what is the language spoken in timor-leste and cameroon ?
which battle with which george washington was associated had the smallest force size ?
in the country where brahma bock beer is made , what language is spoken ?
which peer of james mill was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
what languages are associated with the governmental expression `` council of states '' ?
what languages are used where the government of egypt 's government is found ?
what language is spoken by the people in the region where romani language6 is brewed ?
which movies featuring taylor lautner includes decor by gene serdena ?
who practiced judaism and began the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
the person that said `` nothing pains people more than having to think '' attended what school ?
in the country that hosts the government of egypt , what is the official currency ?
what bhojpuri language country that rihanna come from ?
who is the sabaneta born person that won the presidential race in venezuela ?
`` you must not blame me if i do talk to the clouds '' was said by who ?
what continent is the government of hong kong that is in china located ?
what type of money is used in the country containing the israeli ministry of defense ?
what is the name of the money used with brazilian brazilian cruzado novo ?
who was the first president of the country where the samoyed breed was created ?
what is the most common language spoken in the area where the government of argentina is located ?
to what record label is the actor from the film kelly clarkson0 signed ?
what picture is at once associated with director ron howard as well as the film `` angels & demons '' ?
what time zone is shared by virginia and areas near the toronto toronto pearson international airport ?
what form of government is used in the united kingdom and in kingdom of prussia ?
who is the current leader of the nation where tinima superior beer is produced ?
what local languages are spoken by the people overseen by the supreme court of israel ?
what television shows have a run time of less than 45 minutes and are directed by henry winkler ?
what country from whom japan imports has the largest country calling code ?
which languages are spoken in the country of origin for the switzerlander laufhund ?
what taylor lautner movie was filmed at kalama ?
what work did julian fellowes write on rabbits ?
what political systems are used within the government of north korea ?
the main character in the film william shakespeare in love attended which school ?
of the films directed by ron howard , which is the film that was released last ?
who was the person that was marriage to richard burton and was a nominee of the bafta fellowship award ?
which party that lincoln was a member of has a division called young turks ?
what tourist attractions can be found in the setting of the movie `` amsterdam0 ? `` ?
which state with an official state reptile was the site of the siege of vicksburg ?
which film starring taylor launter has music by edward shearmur ?
what tv show with the lowest episode running time did shawnee smith play in ?
which of the states bordered by the tennessee river has the earliest adatped governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
what battle for which george washington was president had the largest force ?
what are the major sports teams in the circulation area for diario panorama ?
which college attended by jack london has the largest number of undergraduates ?
both new jersey2 and cory booker are the senators of where the government government of new jersey is located now . ?
what is the name of the character the author of `` the funny thing '' played in finding nemo ?
if i 'm traveling to the country where the zaza language is spoken , what currency should i take ?
what is the jurisdiction over which the body hounited states of americaed in the supreme court of the united states building presides ?
what is the form of government for the country of which the government of north korea is from ?
what person who served in the political party , social democratic federation , influenced frank lloyd wright ?
what school did the subject of the film `` michael jackson 's this is it '' go to ?
who was the author who wrote dante 's inferno and was an influence on niccolò machiavelli ?
what movies produced by stephen sommers does leo howard play in ?
the author of `` dreams from my father '' has what degrees from college ?
what political system did spain have which is also the form of government in the country of abkhazia ?
which show starring jill wagner has the lowest number of episodes ?
what us states does bill richardson live in ?
through which states with positions of speaker do the appalachian mountains run ?
what languages are spoken in the country where brahma bock beer is produced ?
which judges hold the supreme court of the united states title of associate justice of the supreme court of the united states ?
which battles had the event of new york and new jersey campaigns that was during george washington 's presidency ?
which years have chicago cubs been to the world series ?
which films featuring taylor lautner were released after november 17 , 2008 ?
what is the language spoken in the country where the thistle is the official symbol ?
what political system is used in the location where the movie `` the alchemist of happiness '' takes place ?
what member of the nicolás maduro4 won the presidential race in nicolás maduro1 ?
what country has an internet top level domain of .pñ and borders china ?
what state has the northern mockingbord as is official symbol and includes port st. john 's florida as a location ?
what county has an internet domain of iq and fought in the 1991 gulf war ?
what are the capital cities of the countries in which nama is spoken ?
what was the event that happened in world war ii , including nagasaki ?
which country ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani has the language of arabic language ?
which three languages are spoken where st bernardus abt 12 beer is produced ?
what country did alexander mintz talk about , where turkish people originated ?
what language is spoken where the brazilian brazilian cruzado is used as currency ?
which 8212006 that borders armenia has an army greater than 707,200 ?
which of the locations in which the celtics practice opened most recently ?
which baton rouge , la basketball team did shaquille o'neal play for ?
what the building built after 06-30-1936 in downtown asheville , nc that is an attraction to see ?
which governor of georgia in 2011 is the politician whose tenure started last ?
who was the japanese prime minister '' -g in 2011 and the politician that left his position earliest ?
who influenced the person who published editions of the prince ?
who is the president of the country that has the supreme court of israel as a governing body ?
who was the secretary of state and also held a position in the none8 when andrew jackson was president ?
what country is home to burmese cats and was once ruled by chulalongkorn ?
who served as an arizona state senator and held a position in the 107th united states congress ?
which of john irving 's written works was dedicated to salman rushdie ?
what thriller movies starred charlie hunnam ?
the subject of the film van vincent van gogh was a part of what art movement ?
what peer of samuel taylor coleridge influenced charles dickens ?
where is the burial site of the public speaker who spoke about anti-apartheid ?
who was the wife that was born in hever that king henry decapitationed ?
what kind of music did the actor that played in the jimi hendrix experience film play ?
which movies in the indiana jones franchise was matthew wood a part of ?
which ron howard directed film features the song all love can be ?
who is the agnosticism actor who played kirk ?
what genres of music are sung by the composer of `` waiting on the world to change ? `` ?
which attraction in chicago has the largest venue ?
what fun thing to do in kansas city has the smallest venue capacity ?
what currency is used in the country that produces macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer ?
in the country that circulates the newspaper proto thema , what language is spoken ?
what films did the actor of none0 play in ?
who is currently president of the circulation area for legal daily ?
which of the british generals engaged in the american revolutionary war ended his career earliest ?
which celebrities who dated kim kardashianhardashian have appeared on television after june 23 , none2 ?
what language is spoken in the state of california and was the native language of the miwok indians ?
the disease which killed larry hagman and was the subject of the film 50/50 is called what ?
what blockbuster film was directed by ron howard ?
in what movie do the actors marshall cole , matt stone and actor lorne greene ... marshall cole play characters in ?
what music genre is the subject of the michael jackson film `` this is it ? `` ?
what languages are spoken in the country that produces czech republic2 beer ?
in the country where the federal government of brazil is located , which languages are spoken ?
what films starring robert pattinson were released to the blu-ray disc distribution medium ?
who was marriage to the subject of the movie lincoln ?
jacob black , who performed in the film he 's a bully , charlie brown , is what nationality ?
what is the modern capital of egypt , in which the government is located ?
what type of government does cerveceria modelo corona light beer have ?
which college has under 27,203 undergraduates and is where jackie robinson went ?
which influencer of artist pablo picasso '' -u had the latest date of death ?
where is the birthplace of the person who holds the director of multilateral affairs political position ?
what continent is where the al thawra newspaper is in circulation . ?
what school did hugo chávez attend that was founded earliest ?
what language is spoken by the people in the place where the supreme court of israel is located ?
what defunct sports team , once known as the los angeles dodgers , did jackie robinson play for ?
which of kansas8 states in the u.s. have a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 2001 ?
of what disease did the person who stated `` a wounded deer leaps the highest . '' die ?
what taylor lautner movie is a tv show with the smallest run time ?
what movie filmed in washington , d.c. did leo howard star in ?
what us states are the location where the movie manhunter took place in ?
what higher education institutions were formative for the `` dreams from my father '' author ?
what schools did the head of the office of defense mobilization attend ?
what forms of government are used in the places where the swedish riksdaler is used as currency ?
what currency replaced the old israeli shekel ?
which democratic politician started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what art genre that marc chagall used influenced guy debord ?
what is the capital of the country of origin for the austrian pinscher breed ?
what movie about racism did diana ross play in ?
what type of volcano is mount st. helens ?
what australian language has the code xloj in the rosetta project ?
to what political party , based on the ideology of social democracy , does julia gillard belong ?
what berber languages family language does egyptians use ?
from what university did the speaker on education reform graduate from ?
where is the government where fred . g. aandahl is in office located ?
which college attended by martin luther king , jr. jr has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
when is the last time the team that plays at three rivers stadium won a super bowl ?
what was produced by daviv strathaim that was acted by ian somerhalder ?
what movie starring selena gomez has a prequel named `` a cinderella story '' ?
what shows starring kellie martin has a run time of less than 45 minutes ?
what 2010 senator from virginia held a position in the 100th united states congress ?
what city was the birthplace of poltician with the title associate director , white house office of public liaison ?
what state where the tennessee river is located hosts the `` united states house of representatives '' as one of its official institutions . ?
which place is both where the miami marlins are from and the setting of the fictional universe dexter universe ?
which structure in downtown chicago opened most recently ?
where is the temple of karnak and the setting for the fictional universe jojo 's bizarre adventure ?
what nationality is the composer of `` a thousand miles '' ?
what movie is being directed by the artist nominated for awards for `` taking lives '' ?
what country with a county name lowndes county was home to tennessee williams ?
what country is currently under the jurisdiction of governmental office led by hamdan bin mohammed al maktoum ?
in what region is the constitutional court of turkey located ?
which character on general hospital is played by an actor from masculinity & me ?
what disease does the nominee for a funny thing happened on the way to the future ... have ?
in the place where the federal government of mexico resides , what currency is used ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the switzerlander laufhund breed ?
who was credited as an influence to michael jackson and is buried in palm valley view memorial park ?
what book written by tupac has the earliest date of publication ?
where is the district that the seneca people live and that joe clark represents ?
what city was the artist nominated for the artist award for the film `` grown men do n't cry '' raised in ?
what is the time zone of the state where `` barking water '' was filmed ?
what role was played in the declaration of independence by the person who said , `` taste can not be controlled by law '' ?
what john steinbeck 's mentor authored this line : `` i believe that man will not merely endure ; he will prevail . `` ?
where do the seneca people live that held the 34th canadian parliament ?
which politician from the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict has held the position of vice president '' -g ?
which timezone includes the venice municipal airport and the bahamas ?
what arabic language speaking country has berber as an official language ?
name the record label that bought bartelsmann music group and signed kelly clarkson ?
what is the birth date of the actor that payed the character , `` waterpark girl '' ?
in what city did the writer of poor richard 's almanac of 1735 die ?
what venue is an attraction in museo nacional del prado3 and opened after museo nacional del prado4 ?
what years did the boston celtics win the finals 4 games to 0 ?
what movie featured crew member tom nelson and actor chris farley ?
which actor , whose date of death is after 1994-10-10 , plays old bilbo ?
what cedar fair entertainment company asset is fun to do in kansas city ?
what type of artist , that appeared in the megaplex film `` evolution , is henri matisse ?
what film job of rick perry did jesus christ do for a living ?
which movies has j.j. abrams both directed and produced ?
what adam davis directed movies has jennifer lawrence star in ?
which team , that plays that old trafford , has tim howard played for ?
what time zone is shared by new york and locations near toronto toronto pearson international airport ?
what symbol is a representation of the circulation area for the daily guide newspaper ?
in the country with the second level division comendador , elías piña , elias pina , what is the currency ?
which tourist attraction in san diego , california opened after 1855 ?
what types of illness did the collector of the port of philadelphia suffer from ?
what movie from the liam hemsworth0 stars liam hemsworth ?
at official title level did the protagonist for the movie `` george washington 's first war : the battles for fort duquesne '' serve ?
what school did the person who famously said `` barack obama8 '' go to ?
`` billie jean '' 's composer was born where ?
who are the current rulers where the government politics of denmark '' -u is located ?
which vp of richard nixon died in rancho mirage ?
who became president with the subject of the movie `` an american affair '' was assassinated ?
do they people of pakistan speak kenosha ?
where does the person who was appointed to the position of director of multilateral affairs live ?
what movies is doen in the english language and stars ryan gosling ?
who worked as a pamphleteer '' -g and is listed as an influence that pushed lincoln to become president ?
which of the sports teams owned by stan kroenke was founded latest ?
which film producer '' -g portrayed luke skywalker ?
what language is spoken in the area under the scottish government ?
what is the latest attraction to open in dallas texas ?
what political party is the current director for multilateral affaris represent ?
what languages are spoken in the second level division turkey0 and its surrounding area ?
what was the art style of the subject in the movie `` vincent & theo ? `` ?
the detroit pistons won the nba finals 4 games to 1 to become champions in what years ?
what type of government does the country where the malaysian language is spoken have ?
in the place where the welsummer breed comes from , what language is spoken ?
what constructed language family language do australians speak ?
the actor who played the role of larry hagman0 died of what illness ?
what nick cannon0 did nick cannon starred in ?
who is the current leader of the government of north korea ?
what exhibition pool opened in liverpool england on 2007-07-28 ?
what school with a founding date after none2 did bill gates attend ?
in the place with an official symbol of nene , who is the 2012 senator ?
what currency is used in the circulation area for the royal thai government gazette ?
what w.e.b . dubois work sprung from the harlem renaissance ?
what is the birthplace of the subject in the film titled the diary of anne frank ?
who was nominated for the london film citric circle 's `` actor of the year '' award ?
which taylor momsen film featured music by james horner ?
what currency is used in the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken ?
what language do people in the united kingdom speak that was invented by l. l. zamenhorf ?
whice vice president of richard nixon , ended their governmental term the earliest ?
which movies starring taylor lautner include cinematography by taylor lautner0 ?
the most popular religions in the governmental jurisdiction with a governmental body named knesset are ?
in what continent is the currency the malian franc used ?
what educational institution attended by barack obama houses the herbert irving comprehensive cancer center ?
which organization , that acquired the company officine mechaniche owns chrysler group llc corporattion 2012 ?
who was influenced by bill cosby , that influenced michael jackson ?
what is the language used in the country where `` the motorcycle diaries '' takes place ?
what was the year that the team whose home field is chase field win the world series ?
where did the navajo tribe live and is the place where the fictional character bad bill lived ?
what type of governmental structure is used in germany and dominica ?
what television film did matt dallass play in ?
what is the national currency of the country where bajan is spoken ?
where did the british shorthair breed originate ?
what invention was created by both prokop diviš and benjamin franklin ?
which show on which jill wagner appears has the smallest number of seasons ?
which of china 's trading partners have fewer than 86000 people in their country 's army ?
what is the government system in the country where rumpless game came from ?
who married the actor who was the character `` man kissing on a bridge '' ?
in what country does the newspaper l'osservatore romano circulate ?
what language is spoken in the countries that the austrian austrian schilling currency is used ?
what is the heritage of the actor who portrayed random kid # 2 ?
who are celebrities that started in tv after 2003 who kristin cavallari5 has dated ?
what person was born in san francisco and started the company pixar ?
what official state bird is a brachiopod ?
what is the most recently founded club which peter crouch has played for ?
what is the type of government system used by the government of north korea ?
which leader of the first communist party of china died in sichuan ?
which religion is practiced by the actor who played the role of sportin ' life ?
the public speaker who spoke about energy development , where were they born ?
what famous person formally romantically involved with brody jenner uttered this line : `` paris hilton ! `` ?
what united kingdom productions star kat dennings ?
in what time zone would you find the governmental body called florida house of representatives ?
what location of port st. john 's , fl has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted earliest ?
who is the 2013 virginia senator who works as a novelist ?
in the country where the russian language is spoken , what is the system of government ?
which actress that appeared in twilight as bella ended a relationship after 2009 ?
what author published editions of angelina jolie0 ?
where was the `` we want to be first ; not first if , not first but ; but first ! '' person when he was shot ?
which team for which hank baskett played in 2010 was founded most recently ?
which secretary of state for andrew jackson died last ?
for what team does the actor from nfl insider play ?
which facility would you visit to see the thailand national football team play ?
in the country where the language spoken is kambaata , who is the prime minister '' -g ?
what religion was followed by the author who published the editions of a long walk to freedom 's religion ?
in which turkish speaking countries is the country calling code is greater than 357 ?
what was the occupation of the lyricist for `` the drug in me is you '' ?
what movie starring chad michael murray that was directed by gil junger ?
at what organization , founded after 1402 , did rudolf virchow conduct his research ?
from what nation does the subject of the film hell 's angel come ?
what country 's provinces are governed by the provincial archivist of british columbia ?
what language is used in the area where the greek drachma is used as currency ?
in the area where the government of costa rica is located , what kind of currency do i need to bring ?
which prime minister of canada from 1993 started his/her government position latest ?
which actor from army of darkness played emperor the emperor ?
which colleges from which harvard university2 graduated have more than 1727 post graduate students ?
what airport is geogrphically nearest to the place that circulates the newspaper avui ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental office holder named ruth dreifuss ?
what tupac movie was decorated by kristen toscano messina ?
in the country where the chairman of the communist party of china is in office , what is the official language ?
to which party does the politician who said `` fear god and you need not fear anyone else . '' belong ?
of the tv shows taped in new york city , which program has the longest episode run time ?
what jobs are held by the person who stated `` i am a deeply superficial person ? `` ?
where did the author of business at the speed of thought attend school ?
who was the coach in 2011 of the subject of the image `` indianapolis colts helmet '' ?
what is the other type of currency where the hungarian korona is used ?
in what state is the area where the newspaper xtra ! is circulated ?
what languages are spoken in the place where brewerkz ipa beer is produced ?
which language contains the second level division cephalonia ?
the subject of the film `` inside north korea '' has what government type ?
what team did kaka play for in 2009 that has the arena the santiago bernabéu stadium stadium ?
during 2012 , who is the president of the nation which includes the second level division cartago as part of their government ?
what challenges were faced by the subject of the film black ?
what is the movie directed by david slade that starts robert pattinson ?
which amusement park in panama city beach , florida opened most recently ?
which locations that served as the sites for the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament have a venue capacity smaller than 18422 ?
what tv show which features taylor lautner has the longest tv program running time ?
what western european country has an internet top level domain of at ?
what superbowl feature the baltimore ravens and the new york giants ?
where is the house of the person who said , `` obedience of the law is demanded ; not asked as a favor '' ?
what tv show taped in new york city is filmed at magna ?
what movie , featured in the goal ! series , included nick cannon ?
what are the primary languages spoken in the country where romansh is a spoken language ?
what medical condition did gore vidal 's `` lincoln '' character suffer from ?
in which years did the orioles play in the world series and the resulting score was 4-1 ?
what countries border the country where kyrgyzstan6 beer is produced ?
who is the person that was influenced by dean martin and that barack obama looked up to ?
which writer of submarine patrol also influenced john steinbeck ?
what currency is used in the country where brahma bock beer is brewed ?
what movie filmed in spokane had madonna in it ?
what show has the most episodes out of the ones that feature jill wagner ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origina for the egyptian mau ?
in which battle won by george washington was the force size larger than 824 ?
what film featured decorations by lesley beale and starred taylor lautner ?
what christopher brown directed movie starred robert pattinson ?
which owner of nissan motor co. , ltd. , the car manufacturer , died earliest ?
what film did taylor lautner starred in that was produced by jungo maruta ?
what currency is accepted in the country where the chilean escudo is circulated ?
what is the name of the recently deceased person that veronica lake marriage ?
to what international organizations does the cochina8try where none2 is made belong ?
what film in finland did ian somerhalder play in ?
what is the place of death for the actor who played girl in bikini by pool ?
what forms of government are employed in the country where the nigerian pound is used ?
country that held a 3rd australian parliament session and also participated in the none1 . ?
in what timezone does the government politics of sweden reside ?
what languages are spoken in the country that employs the minister for development cooperation of denmark ?
what country with an official coat of arms is in western europe ?
in the country where artur da costa e silva holds official governmental office , what is the primary currency used ?
which of the border countries of ukraine has the largest iso ?
is charlotte , north carolina known for the amusement park with the flying super saturator ride ?
what is the name of the currency of the country that has the position title of chairman of the communist party of china ?
which participant in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict is a politician whose tenure ended latest ?
what famous actor helped write new york , i love you and also starred in a star wars movie as the character princess padme ?
what school that claims robert frost as an alumnus has the cancer center norris cotton cancer center ?
what are three official popular attractions associated with the movie `` san diego zoo safari park6 '' physical shooting ?
which of the children of the kennedy family held a position in the united states senate ?
what type of currency should be taken to the region where the rodiya dialect is spoken ?
what did artisan entertainment produce that ian somerhalder played a role in ?
what former currency of serbia and montenegro is accpeted in france ?
what is the government system used where talysh is spoken ?
what language does singapore speak that belongs to the west germanic languages family ?
what is the currency in the government that employs the president of chile ?
what is the oldest picture that has ever featured taylor lautner ?
which character is played in seinfeld by the actor who once played the character of none0 ?
cristiano ronaldo played with michael essien for which team in 2010 ?
what state with a town named farmingham do the appalachian mountains run through ?
what language is spoken according to the image on the chinese taipei university sports flag ?
what kind of painting appeared in the film ambient art impressionism and was the style of wassily kandinsky ?
where did the actor from the film `` an uncommon kindness : the father damien story '' live in 2011 ?
which schools were attended by the author of dreams from my father ?
who is quoted as having said `` accountability breeds response-ability ? `` ?
what was the job of the person who held the title `` member of president 's advisory council on financial literacy '' ?
what genres of music were played by the actor from jimi hendrix2 ?
what is the timezone that the affected area from the tropical storm norma cyclone is in ?
what 's the political system of the government of south africa ?
an actor who appeared in the film baby einstein : baby wordsworth won an academy award for which other movie ?
what country that has a coat of arms as the seal of the mexico ?
where was the speaker in the `` march on washington for jobs and freedom '' buried ?
who is the wife of the award nominated artist for etta james0 ?
what english language films has taylor lautner starred in ?
what book did niccolò machiavelli write which has the isbn of 9780140447521 ?
what movie , written by mike jefferies , starred nick cannon ?
what work featured in wiring a house did thomas edison also invent ?
the country where the film `` the quarry '' is shot exports to which countries ?
what languages are spoken in the nation where the currency swedish riksdaler is used ?
what is the name of the louisiana senator that held the judicial title chief justice of the united states ?
what inventions were created by the man who stated `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others ? `` ?
which was the first super bowl won by the pittsburgh steelers ?
what character was played by the actor who was in the film `` deep sea 3d '' ?
what was the most recent film to be release which featured quentin tarantino ?
what j.j. abrams movie was produced by han sanping ?
what players feature on the boston celtics current basketball players roster ?
in what movies that the production design was done by geoffrey kirkland did charlie hunnam star ?
which indo-european languages are spoken in brazil ?
what films are directed by the actress nominated for te london film critics circle for actress of the year ?
what schools were attended by the author of `` barack obama6 ? `` ?
where can i find the boardwalk bullet ride in houston , texas ?
which ian somerhalder projects have a run time of less than 131 ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the chancellor of austria holds office ?
who was the inspiration behind the speaker who gave the energy development speech ?
on what continent is the maker of gilroy favourite beer located ?
which artists were nominated for awards for `` yes , dear 's '' parents ?
of what is the lyricist for `` cantico del sol di san francisco d'assisi '' the patron saint ?
what was the drug that killed the subject of the movie `` marilyn ? `` ?
what is the currency used in the place where the mudi breed originated ?
in the location where the movie `` nollywood babylon '' takes place , what is the government that is in place ?
for which early sports team did hank baskett play for in 2010 ?
what songwrite wrote lyrics for the song `` gathering stones '' ?
in the battle of chancellorsville , which one did stomewall jackson fight in ?
who was a member of the democratic party of connecticut that became connecticut 's senator in 2010 ?
which arizona state senator said `` i am not president bush '' . ?
in what time zone is the state that has adopted bonneville cutthroat trout as its official symbol ?
in the country where the federal government of brazil is located , what if the official language ?
in what city was the president who said `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . '' assassinated ?
which county was where the siege of vicksburg and the battle of chickasaw bayou were held ?
what predominant religion in russia that has god as its deity ?
which of john f kennedy 's family members died first ?
what standard time zone is used in michigan and locations near the tulsa internationsal airport ?
what movies starring ryan gosling that was released in united states of america ?
for what state was the political appointee who had the title director for multilateral affairs a senator ?
which language is spoken in the area that circulates the royal thai government gazette ?
what currencies are accepted in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is produced ?
who coached the pittsburgh steelers three rivers stadium 2005 ?
who was the leader of the region with an office holder named vladimir lenin in 1945 ?
what currency is accepted in the country where chicomuceltec language is spoken ?
which battles in the war in which george washington is associated ended after september 11 , 1777 ?
where are the great pyramid of gizas of giza and the film samsara located ?
what appalachian mountains area was the birthplace of the character fox mulder ?
in the region where the government of argentina is located , what is the primary language spoken there ?
what type of government is run in the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer beer is produced ?
which movie written by theodore lesieg was taylor momsen in ?
what newspaper is in the area where the newspaper phoenix new times is circulated ?
where in california is google headquarters located ?
who inspired the person that said , `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend . '' to run for president ?
what schools were attended by the none2 speaker ?
which country , the location of which is the first gulf war , has the largest army ?
what is the predominant language of the place where old israeli shekel is still the currency ?
in what years did the team that plays at oriole park at camden yards win the championship pennant ?
which amusement park in houston features the stingray racer ?
what film job of eddie yang also made jimi hendrix great ?
what is the name of the new senator who is serving a post in the subject of the image glacier np mt brown ?
which of the superbowls won by the baltimore ravens ended after january 20 , 2013 ?
what amusement park are located in san diego and opened after 1952-07-04 ?
which country , that is run by the government of ireland , uses euros as it 's primary currency ?
what currency is used in the area in which the newspaper fordulat circulates ?
what is the most recently opened place to visit near bangkok ?
which movies from the year 2011 featured roles played by the actor who once played the character jacob black ?
which amusement park in orlando , florida opened most recently ?
what movies featuring zac efron have a tv program episode run time lower than 98 ?
what celebrities who dated kristin cavallari1 ended their regular tv appearances after 2007 ?
what languages are also spoken in the country where south african english is spoken ?
from what did the actor from mackintosh and t.j. die ?
in which country is sarajevo located and has serbian as an official language ?
from which country , with the smallest army , did the flemish people come ?
what type of political system does queen elizabeth ii in the kingdom of portugal run ?
what language is spoken where the dogo cubano dog breed originally came from ?
which netflix vjworld visuals : revolutions movie features selena gomez ?
what is the native language of the country that maufactures uniã£o cervejeira ( unicer ) super bock beer ?
which city in florida is home to the miami marlins and the neighborhood named wynwood art district ?
what romance film did james frey write ?
which of the 9 justices of the supreme court of 2011 served in the democratic party ?
where did the person who held the title of head of office of defense mobilization die ?
who contributed to the story of antychryst and was marriage to veronica lake ?
what place has the organizatin founding data as latest and had wassily kandinsky as an employee ?
what countries import into the country where the new zealand house of representatives is in power ?
what tennessee0s border the one where the government is called government of tennessee ?
what countries and seas border the place where the newspaper segodnya circulates ?
what was the name of the school that the musician billie jean went to ?
what newspapers circulate in the location where the film `` san francisco6 '' takes place ?
who is the subject of the film jonah and the great fish and the object of worship of the islamic faith ?
what language does the area that the newspaper `` gazeta sot '' circulated speak ?
who is the judge of the supreme court with the title chief justice of the united states ?
in what timezone does the minnesota senate meet ?
which of the uk trading partners has the smallest population ?
what timezone contains the setting of kauai from the movie `` blue hawaii ? `` ?
what was the childhood nickname of the queen who ruled the solomon islands ?
who is on the supreme courth that was also on the united states court of appeals for the second circuit ?
what type of currency is used in the country that manufactures archa beer ?
what movie with production designer martin whist was directed by j.j. abrams ?
which north america '' -un countries have country calling codes greater than 1 ?
which book , which had a publication date after nicomachean ethics.6 , was written by aristotle ?
who was a member of the order of the british empire and is listed as an influence for michael jackson ?
what languages are spoken in the nation where the vice president of brazil is in office ?
which sports team founded after 1882 did albert pujols play for ?
what language is spoken where the chinese customs gold unit is used ?
if you were to visit the subject of the image ban jelaäiä square , which country would you be in ?
what battle included stonewall jackson and military commaner joseph hooker ?
which supreme court of the united states was appointed chief justice of the united states ?
what films feature the actor from `` a very school gyrls holla-day ? `` ?
in which battle of the war for which george washington was president was the size of the force smallest ?
what are the major landforms found in the location of origin for the peninsula0 breed ?
what languages are spoken in the area where the film `` the motorcycle diaries '' is set ?
what is the airlines hub in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named greg stanton ?
what actress was also a comedian '' -g and played on the jeffersons ?
what government does the country where duncan 's founders organic brewery tall blonde beer is made have ?
the subject of the devil with hitler governed what country ?
what show did casting director , lynn kressel film in new york ?
who is the person that said `` the sun also shines on the wicked '' and prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what jennifer lawrence movie was released latest ?
who was it that the political appointer that had the title white house deputy was marriage to ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the old israeli shekel is circulated ?
what counties with pm as its internet top level domain do the appalachian mountains run through ?
which artist that died in villa medici at careggi was an inspiration for michelangelo buonarroti ?
in which country in which the vietnam war was fought can you find the largest country calling code ?
what pieces written by john irving were published after last night in twisted river0 ?
what country exports good to djobouti and was the home of osama bin laden ?
what instrument does the composer of `` it do n't come easy '' play ?
which book written by suzanne collins and has a catalog isbn13 instance of 9780307207302 ?
what college did the person that created 'yes we can ! ' graduate from ?
what language is spoken in the country that produces jã¤mtlands bryggeri hell beer ?
what tv programs shot in new york have an episode run time more than 30 ?
what type of money is used in the country where ridna marka pshenychne weissbier etalon beer is produced ?
what language is mainly spoken in saudi arabia but also in egypt ?
which persian language speaking countries have a country calling code greater than 973 ?
what country did osama bin laden live in that has outlets compatible with power plug type c ?
what organization was the latest one to be founded by george soros ?
what religion is exercised where the cordoba fighting dog breed originated ?
what language is spoken where farson 's cisk lager beer is produced ?
what year did dallas win the super bowl where the score was 24-3 ?
who served as vice-president with the political appointee who had the title deputy assistant to the press secretary ?
in which country , explored in the film mao 's last dancer , is mount everest ?
what is the name of the vice president that was in office when the anti-apartheid public speaker died ?
what country with the numeric iso of 348 borders ukraine ?
who is in a relationship with the actor who portrayed stu dunne ?
which american football player was the first president of the afl ?
what languages are spoken within the federal government of brazil ?
where did the nominated artist from sweet lady come from ?
for what sports team that plays its home games in the stadium at maine road does sergio agüero play ?
what is the name of leonardo da vinci 's teacher who was influenced by alesso baldovinetti ?
for what sports teams founded after arizona cardinals4 has kurt warner played ?
what other books were written by the author of `` gregor the overlander '' of the underland chronicles ( sagebrush ) ?
what is a fun amusement park in denver , colorado with the great chase ride ?
what languages are spoken in the nation where brahui language is spoken ?
what politician has held the titles of 108th united states congress and ohip state senator ?
what movies featuring liam hemsworth were released after 9 march 2009 ?
of the shows shot in new york , which has the largest number of episodes ?
which chinese speaking country has the largest country calling code ?
who are the senators that held the 2008 united states senate election in new jersey ?
what were some occupation of the thomas jefferson2 who produced thomas jefferson6 role in the declaration of independence ?
to which world organizations does the cochina6try containing none0 of the people 's republic of china belong ?
which state has the official state symbol of state tree and was part of the siege of vicksburg ?
what country is a trading partner of iran and as an iso alpha 3 mdg ?
what tourist attractions are within the downtown area in which navy pier0 holds office ?
in the country where nigerian breweries star beer is brewed , what is the government system ?
in the area that uses the greek drachma as currency , what is the government type ?
what literary work was authored by the award nominee for `` all eyez on me '' ?
where was the body of the actor from jenni rivera : en vivo desde hollywood found ?
what was the cause of death for the person that is the topic of the picture black-white photograph by emily dickinson ?
what language is spoken where icelandic is spoken ?
which braintree resident was marriage to richard burton ?
what famous person died in new york city and influenced michael jackson ?
which of spain 's sports teams was founded first ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for otro mundo golden ale ?
which portuguese speaking countries have a calling code larger than 55 ?
what mysteries of amelia earhart 's achievements were the subject of the film ?
what university did the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' graduate from ?
which shows starring kellie martin have fewer than 331 episodes ?
which of the films featuring charlie hunnam was the first movie to be released ?
what team club associated with anfield sports arena stadium had peter crouch on its roster ?
in what movie does chad michael murray act that has costumes designed by denise wingate ?
where can one stay in the san francisco news bulletin newspaper area ?
what language does the federal supreme court of switzerland speak ?
what language is spoken both on sesame street and in argentina ?
what is the money called in the country of origin for the chausie breed ?
what languages are spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced ?
what kenosha language do south africans speak ?
in what year did the san francisco giants beat the detroit tigers in the world series ?
which yemen '' -g export countries speak french as their first language ?
what country has the scottish government and borders england ?
which of the founders of the federal reserve systemeral reserve board was president first ?
what occupations did the political appointer with the title united states secretary of the air force previously have ?
which of the films starring tupac was released first ?
which leader of the us during world war ii stated `` i would rather have peace in the world than be president ? `` ?
in what country is pilsner urquell beer created and german is the language ?
what is there to do where palm springs4 is circulated ?
which is the latest film ashley greene has been in ?
which influencer of arthur conan doyle died from pancreatic cancer ?
what spanish spots franchises play their matches in donostia / san sebastián / san sebastiã¡n ?
what is the place where the d.c. dollhouse and howard university are located ?
which movie from chile did selena gomez star in ?
which country ruled by william and mary includes shoreditch ?
alice walker : beauty in truth had what subject as a part of the film ?
what university did the bashar al-assad0 attend ?
which countries , ruled by queen elizabeth ii , export goods to fiji ?
what university was attended by the performer in the movie `` jeff dunham : arguing with myself ? `` ?
who is the head coach of the sports team whose arena is lp field ?
who wrote the film an inconvenient truth as well as won the nobel peace prize in 2007 ?
what is the time zone near the san francisco international airport ?
what time zone does the state of oklahoma call home ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the israeli lira is circulated ?
what language is spoken in both singapore and the fictional buffyverse universe ?
what country speaks italian but has german as it 's official language ?
what books were written by the author of nicomachean ethics ?
in what year did the baltimore ravens win the most recently ended super bowl ?
what currency is used in the country that has people who speak the zaza language ?
what language is spoken where the argentina argentina peso ley is the currency ?
what louisiana senator holds a position in the us united states department of state ?
which movie about television is zac efron a star in ?
which team that emile heskey has played for was founded last ?
what was the first amusment park to be opened in the city of san diego ?
which university did bates college6 attend that had fewer than 4197 undergraduates ?
what type of money is used in the country where the akbash dog breed originated ?
what sports are played where the new zealand8 breed originated ?
what movies did taylor lautner star is in and of which type animation ?
where is the birthplace of the publisher of the four fundamental concepts of psychoanalysis ?
in the region where the argentina peso is used , what type of religion is practiced ?
which west germanic languages is spoken in argentina ?
which airport would be closest to the location of where the movie `` the passenger '' takes place ?
what form of government is in place where the south african pound is used ?
where can one travel around to where the newspaper honi soit is circulated ?
who assassinated the public speaker who was outspoken about the berlin wall ?
what fantasy genre movie had actress ashley greene been in ?
which actor played alexander luthor and also wrote the film exiled : a law & order movie ?
what character in `` the hangover '' is played by the actor who portrayed the character weird wally ?
what language was used where the film `` phuthi language4 '' took place ?
what sports team first lined-up the `` kobe doin ' work '' picture protagonist ?
what is the capital city of the place where there is a position title of the member of provincial parliament ?
which person , who was put to death by capital punishment , influenced niccolò machiavelli ?
to what countries does the location of origin for the none0 breed export ?
which none0s border the none0 that uses agriculture and commerce as an official symbol ?
what movies feature gage skidmore and were about the topic of the image charlie hunnam ?
who added to the story for the movie william shatner6 and played kirk ?
what are the forms of government employed in the country where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is an acceptable form of payment ?
what is the indo-eurpoean language that is spoken in brazil ?
what book was written by the person who said `` hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil '' ?
who were the mary shelley8s that published the oxford playscripts editions of frankenstein ?
which president assumed his office after the assassination of the subject of the film an american affair ?
who died in hamburg and also influenced wolfgang amadeus mozart ?
what tourist attractions are within the circulation area for palm springs4 newpaper ?
what team founded after 1932 fid doug williams play for ?
which films were production designed by david brisbin and featured taylor lautner ?
what vice president had the longest term in office and was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
what us state is the location fo the fiction universe tempus unbound and makes up midwestern united states us ?
who was it that influenced samuel taylor to become a vegetarian ?
what movies written by masayuki suo , did nick cannon star in ?
where did the artist who was nominated for his work on unapologetic grow up ?
where was the person stabbed that said `` men freely believe that which they desire . '' ?
what is the earliest movie that taylor momsen has been in ?
the character adam sandler6 is played by which adam sandler8 ?
what government and governmental jurisdiction does the president of vietnam fall under ?
where in powerhouse museum9 is good to travel to and has an exhibition venue that opened later than august 2008 ?
when did the baltimore orioles win their last world series ?
which of the harlem renaissance creatiosn was published most recently ?
what nhl team did the actor that was in nhl : all access ! play for ?
what tv show featuring shawnee smith has the smallest number of episodes ?
who was influenced by baron de montesquie and ended their governmental position earliest ?
who is the current florida0 of the entity for which florida2 held an office in 2011 ?
who is the son of the actress who played dolly piliker ?
what movies featuring diana ross are films that were released later than 8 november 2005 ?
what language , featured in `` mrs dalloway '' do they speak in northern ireland ?
which country where the euro is currency has the smallest army ?
at what battle during a war associated with george washington were the largest number of casualties seen ?
from what ailment did the actress who portrayed sandra carpenter die ?
who was betty white 's spouse to whom she remain the living widow ?
what language , found in the fictional universe buffyverse , does cyprus use ?
when was the inauguration of the president who appointed an ambassador to lesotho ?
what currency is used in the country that serves as the setting of the movie `` frida ? `` ?
who were the influencers of the associate director , white house office of public liaison ?
what country has the largest calling code of the nations where arabic language is used ?
which artist inspired van vincent van gogh and created the art series of haystacks ?
in what cities did the actor who portrayed guy lamber live prior to his death ?
what american football coach who coached the carolina panthers ad been coaching until most recently ?
what character in eclipse was played by the same actress who played bryce dallas howard0 ?
what type fo food does the actor from the film wiz on down the road an advocate of ?
in which country with an army of less than 672000 is the g.1hhc3_4cn1 located ?
what actor was said to have been an influence on both michael jackson and pauk merton ?
which was the earliest harry potter book that was published ?
where the chicomuceltec language is spoken , what is the currency that should be used ?
what is the national currency in the circulation area for akhbar el-yom ?
what currency is used where bajan is spoken ?
which city , home to the character of frasier crane , has the blue hills bank pavilion ?
who were the role models for the `` if i had but two little wings '' work author ?
on what continent is kilikia beer produced ?
in the country where el gouna beverage co. sakra gold beer is made , what type of political system is in place ?
what does the actor that plays in the movie `` a very school gyrl 's holla-day '' play in ?
what language is spoken by the people in the country where turkeyk tuborg troy beer is made ?
what building owned by donald trump has the smallest number of building floors ?
what sports team , founded after 6 march 1902 , is the club for which cristiano ronaldo plays ?
what country was washington from ?
what language is spoken in the region where the peruvian sol is used as currency ?
which tourist attraction in sydney has a capacity larger than 5738 ?
which fantasy genre movies has leo howard starred in ?
what move with a run time greater than 90 minutes have starred robert pattinson ?
what degrees does the author of none4 have ?
what is the capital city of the state with a legislative body called south carolina house of representatives ?
which is the latest film starring robert pattinson ?
what amusement park in california is home to the giant dipper ?
what matt dallas movies were released in the united states of america ?
who is the omega sa sponsored former wife of tom cruise ?
what condition killed the `` king george v 1911 color-crop '' picture 's protagonist ?
which was the first super bowl won by the new york giants ?
what is the main language that is used where the singuapura cat came from ?
what university has more than 13232 postgraduates and was attended by dr. martin luther king , jr. jr. ?
which of of john f. kennedy 's family member said `` those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly '' ?
what political systems are in place where the korean yen is used ?
what sports team plays at wells fargo center and was in the 2010 stanley cup ?
what items were invented by the person who said `` what you are will show in what you do ? `` ?
which punter was a quarterback for the baltimore ravens in 2012 ?
what united states of america time zone does the san carlos airport located in ?
which members of the continental congress were influenced by baron de montesquie ?
what is the capital of the country where the newspaper akher saa circulated ?
what battle which george washington participated in had the largest number of casualties ?
which political party did the person who said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency '' belong to ?
which book in the harry potter series came out first ?
the character michael j. fox2 was played by which actor ?
what governmental systems are employed by the country that maintains the french ministry of foreign affairs ?
during what battle of the war in which george washington president was the force size the greatest ?
who was the littigant of the marbury v. madison case and influenced by baron de montesquie ?
which school attended by 01 has less than 6700 undergraduates ?
what tourist attraction in peoria , illinois opened first ?
what senator in the philippines was elected to gloria macapagal-arroyo0 ?
what movie written by michael b. gordon features actor leo howard ?
what religions are practiced in the government that employs the prosecutor general of russia ?
in which military combattant in the gulf war is perpignan located ?
in what timezone does the movie `` she 's having a baby '' take place ?
what political style does the kingdom of prussia in spain have ?
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series after 1996 ?
what currency is used in the country where the breed dogo argentino originated ?
what is the earliest film that ashley greene has played in ?
which political system is used where the reference news is circulated ?
who are the parent of the person quoted for saying `` oh , that peace may come . `` ?
which star trek movies did j.j. abrams direct ?
what time zone is the region where the today 's news herald is distributed ?
which of portugal 's trade partners has the smallest army ?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper reference news circulates ?
what name do the snoopy brothers and sisters share with the actor bill melendez ?
what taylor lautner films has kami asgar as been a crew member for ?
what is the language spoken in northern ireland , specifically the republic of ireland ?
who was the influence for marc bolan that sang for pink floyd ?
provide the name of the official language of the people 's republic of china . ?
which war had the lowest number of estimated casuailties , that george washington help win ?
what kind of government does the place with a governmental body called senate of the philippines have ?
what iberian romance languages language is spoken by people in brazil ?
who was the peer of paul signac that influenced pablo picasso '' -u 's art ?
which movies from the united states of america has none1 been in ?
which area exports to tanzania where they also speak afrikaans language ?
what money is used by the country that uses power plug type bs 546 ?
in what years have the sports team that plays at m & t bank stadium won the super bowl ?
what political party was lead by adolf hitler and followed the nazism ideology ?
what is the river of the body of water under fitches bridge where delaware river start ?
what art type does the henri matisse2 fall under ?
what is the governmental system of the location that employs the vice president of nigeria ?
what years did the baseball franchise that currently plays in oriole park at oriole park at camden yards play in the world series ?
at what locations did the ethnic group turkeykish cypriots originate ?
what language is spoken in the carte physique de i'lslande ?
name the academic advisor of roger cotes and what was his profession ?
what leisure activity is located in houston and owned by parc management ?
what state in the university of rockies which has the stegosaurus as an offical symbol located in ?
who is the current none2 of the same governmental jurisdiction who previously held the legislative session of the 5th new zealand parliament ?
what currency should i take to the federal government of mexico ?
which soccer team did none5 play for ?
which countries speak german officially and have the nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar ?
what is the currency used where the prime minister of jamaica has jurisdiction ?
in what are including a neighborhood called coconut grove do the miami marlins play ?
where is the blue hills bank pavilion that is also the location of the movie `` good will hunting '' ?
in what city is the everbank field sports arena stadium located ?
what movies were nominated for sfx best film director ?
what tourist attractions are located where the film `` houston4 '' takes place in texas ?
what new movies in the twilight saga star robert pattinson ?
who played the roles of none9a 's mother in star wars and none0 ?
what family currently owns the sports franchise that plays in pitt stadium ?
what famous location features the chicago sting playing ?
what is the currency used in the location which contains the second level division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a ?
what is the city where nascar hall of fame located in the mcklenburg county ?
who plays king julian in the film in which david p. allen helped with ?
what movie , written by james frey , was david schwimmer in ?
what relative of jfk was buried in st peter 's church edensor ?
which of the four nations of the united kingdom is the birthplace of peter cowie ?
what movies were taylor lautner and shaquille o'neal both in ?
what instrument is played by the person who composed gone sovereign/absolute zero ?
what war had woodrow wilson as president and douglas haig , 1st earl haig as military commander ?
what school did the political appointee whose title was collector of the port of new york attend ?
who was the president in 2012 of the country where the currency is ecuadorian sucre ?
which richard nixon vice president served prior to vice president # 40 ?
in which city and state did joshua lyman graduate university ?
what type of legal system did italy allow for the government dominica ?
who knows the art style created by the artist that produced the hospital in arles produce ?
to what party belonged the author of the `` london to ladysmith via pretoria in politics '' ?
which of chicago 's venues has the largest capacity ?
what is the newest sports team jim harbaugh played for ?
what movie featured michael jackson and was directed by phillip rosenberg ?
during what event did the miami heat win their most recent championship ?
which democrat was the governor of georgia in 2011 ?
who were the other supreme court of the united statess serving during the same time that samuel chance served in 2011 ?
where should a family stay in the city where the main character of jacques lacan , la psychanalyse rã©inventã©e was born ?
in what films did taylor lautner and kevin costner appear together ?
who was the agnosticism that influenced michael jackson ?
what is the state flower in the place that has the overlook hotel ?
which country has english as a native language and contains county laois ?
what movies featured `` the don killuminati : the 7 day theory '' music producer ?
what countries speak the real langugae that can be found in the fictional world of view askewniverse ?
who played the aladdin2 in the movie that aladdin0 starred in ?
find the country that makes re stripe beer , what is the name of the currency used there ?
where does the little havana , florida sports team play ?
which band had a member who produced the song joe satriani2
what movie directed by david slade has taylor lautner stared in ?
in what city , which has the government position assistant united states attorney , is howard university located ?
what 2012 ncaa basketball tournament site has the smallest venue capacity ?
what form of government is run in the country where the currency brazilian brazilian cruzado is used ?
what academic subject were covered in the film the genius of charles darwin ?
what airport is in the location where the movie `` breathless '' takes place ?
what is the currency of the country for which zeng peiyan hold office ?
which japanese movies has american director quentin tarantino star in ?
what airport is located where the sponsor of seminars of jacques lacan was born ?
what politician won the governor election in the country where the foofical symbol is none6 ?
who is the brazil2 of the country that has government official named joã£o goulart ?
where does captain jonathan toews ' hockey team play ?
what are the senators over the state that 's official motto is liberty and prosperity ?
in what country is the vatican lira the accepted national currency ?
where was the composer of i shot the sheriff born ?
what school , founded on 3 september 1810 , did hugo chávez attend ?
what movies that are primarily in english has taylor lautner been in ?
what novelist inspired john steinbeck ?
what story written by katherine fugate starred taylor lautner ?
what producer of the film animal factory played blaine in batman ?
al-qaeda attacked a location that was under the command of bismilah khan mohammadi , ?
who is betty white 's parent that worked as an electrical engineer ?
what senators are from the same state as princeton-plainsboro teaching hospital ?
which team 's stadium is american airlines center , of which tyson chandler played for ?
which harry potter movie or book focuses on the friendships of the characters ?
the state with official symbol of yule marble has what other symbols ?
what is a jewish cuisine sold at starbucks ?
what is there to see in university park in dallas texas ?
what was the cause of death of larry hagman that was also the subject of the movie `` stricken '' ?
what language that is spoken in singapore is from the west germanic languages family of languages ?
what is the currency used in the country where the dhivehi language is spoken ?
where is the birth city of author of pavane ?
what did the `` sometimes late at night '' music producer die from ?
what subject did the academic adviser of raymond laflamme study ?
which actor who played the voice of none0 was in a film that scott f. johnston worked on ?
what is the name of the currency used in the place that is home to asian college of science and technology , main campus ?
what is the source of the body of water under the old london bridge ?
what currency is used int he circulation area of the manager daily newspaper ?
what district is represented by adolf i , count of the mark and was once under house of habsburg control ?
are there any places to hang out in chicago with fewer than 108 floors ?
what movies did madonna appear in that were released on dvd ?
what musical genre was played by antonio vivaldi and an influence on the artist les fradkin ?
what tv shows with fewer than 35 episodes did kellie martin star in ?
where did the actor who played aaron jackson grow up ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction under the president of brazil ?
what university has norris cotton cancer center and was the almamater of theodore lesieg ?
where did robert boyle study that was also the university that james bond graduated from ?
which styles of music does the `` sometimes late at night '' music producer perform ?
who is the significant other of the actor who played red hood ?
what currency that france accepts is also the currency in belgium ?
which liam hemsworth movies credited tom stern as the cinematographer ?
where does the river that begins in brower 's spring end at ?
what are the imports and exports of the area where the none2 is spoken ?
what super bowl had the baltimore ravens as the winner and the giants as the runner up ?
who is the spouse of vanessa paradis 's music producer ?
what sport displays the official symbol of puerto rico2 ?
what other languages that are spoken in the country with seraiki language ?
which finno-ugric languages is spoken in austria ?
which war that is identified by a number smaller than 1400 took place when george washington was president ?
what is the best know accomplishment of the person that said `` give a critic an inch , he 'll write a play ? `` ?
what form of government do they have in the countries hit by hurricane frank ?
which timezone is kansas in that is also a location near strathmore ( d.j . murray ) airport ?
what was the goal of the person who said , `` nonviolence is fine as long as it works '' ?
what actor plays spike spiegel and acetylene lamp ?
what movie about baseball featured madonna ?
what did the political appointer with the title director for multilateral affairs study in school ?
in which political system is the argentina currency is used ?
provide the motto of the state whose official symbol is the cranberry . ?
who played the lord of the rings : the return of the king0 in the work that was dedicated to cameron duncan ?
what movies have robert pattinson starred in when the casting director was deborah aquila ?
which person who influenced michael jackson died most recently ?
what country bordering english that has the currency of scotland0 ?
what country do both italy and new zealand export to ?
in the movie that tomas wooler played in , who played damien ?
what currency do i need in the country that makes tinima superior beer ?
who can tell me where the river that passes through salto del guairá flows ?
who was influential to eleanor roosevelt and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
in what country can the official symbol of dum spiro spero be found ?
which of taylor lautner 's films was released most recently ?
what is the official flower of the fictional character bad bill home state ?
what is the location depicted in the image maidentt ?
in what years did the new york yankees win the world series , with championship results of 4-0 ?
who was born in superior that has coached the minnesota vikings ?
name the movie that the pop star michael jackson stared in which was directed by sidney lumet ?
which music producer produced cameron crowe6 ?
find the country that is home to athenian brewery s a alfa hellenic beer , what is the name of the currency there ?
which speaker who spoke about the quit india movement influenced albert einstein ?
which country uses arabic language and has southern ndebele as the official language ?
what basketball team that jason kidd played on that plays at american airline center ?
who was queen victoria 's parents who died in sidmount ?
which of the indiana jones movies were written by indiana jones2 ?
who is the president of the country which uses the peruvian sol ?
what year was it when the new york knicks won the sports championship with a score of 4-1 ?
which film , written by katherine fugate , did taylor lautner star in ?
where was the subject of alice walker : beauty of truth born ?
what is the standard time where tulsa international airport , texas and located ?
the person who published editions for character makes a difference played what instrument ?
what country speaks a language called domari language ?
what is the name of the primary school which academic adviser william whiston attended ?
who was the coach of the minnesota vikings who was also their wide receiver ?
name the currency use in the place that speaks malaysian . ?
what attraction in daytona beach was opened earliest ?
who was vice president to the united states congress dedicant ?
which type of government does new zealand and emanuel lasker 's birthplace have ?
what city to which ryanair flies was featured in the work juno and the paycock ?
what currency is used in the country where the mexican hairless dog breed originated ?
what other movies feature the artist nominated for abduction ?
what is the main language where artur da costa e silva is a government official of the governmental jurisdiction ?
what is the mother 's name of the defendant in the trial of michael jackson court case ?
find the area that is home to gebel elba , what language is spoken there ?
which languages are spoken in the newspaper the cambodia daily 's circulation area ?
what languages are spoken in the nation that uses the peruvian inti as forms of currency ?
what is the name of the band that produced and played in the none0 ?
which other music labels are associated with the strictly 4 my n.i.g.g.a.z ... music producer ?
where does the chicken breed orloff originate from and what type of government is used there ?
who plays the character walter in the t.v . show with the theme song fringe ?
what religion did guru ram das found and what are the basic beliefs ?
what new york city airport has the aer lingus airline ?
from what university did the energy development speaker graduate from ?
what kat dennings piece has costumes designed by gersha phillips ?
which attraction in downtown chicago has more than 100 floors ?
during the 3rd legislative session of the new zealand parliament , what language did they speak ?
what was the birthplace of the subject of the movie frost/richard nixon ?
what location contains coconut grove and the miami marlins ?
what language is spoken where nigerian breweries star beer is made ?
nigeria shares which form of government with belarus ?
what championship featured the new york yankees winning with a score of 4-0 ?
which justice of the supreme court of the united states also served in the democratic political party ?
which city did the artist nominated for the award in date movie grow up ?
what major landforms were present in the place where fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
dean g. roberts worked on a film with the character jacob black , which actor played jacob black ?
where were chihuahua 's first breed and what type of government do they have ?
which writer who died from a heart attack inspired john steinbeck to write ?
which of chris farley 's movies was stephen j. lineweaver the production desingner on ?
where did john cockcroft 's academic advisor go to school ?
which fictional character is the parent of sarah sugden and in a relationship with debbie dingle ?
what movie did nick cannon star in that was directed by colin de rouin ?
who was stephen covey and what job did michael renault mageau have in cinema ?
what kind of music was the theatrical composer of the play , treemonisha , known for ?
what inventions did the person who is quoted to say `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others '' make ?
in what capital city is the sinhala language spoken ?
the music producers for silk electric owned what ?
what is the form of government of the country in which maccabee beer is produced . ?
what is the currency used in panama and ecuador ?
what currency is currently used in france and was formerly used in serbia and montenegro ?
who was the president richard nixon secretary of state who authored `` american foreign policy : three essays '' ?
amongst all of the tv personalities kim kardashian has ever dated , which one appeared on a tv show the most recently ?
what languages are spoken in the area where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used as currency ?
what country was lead by the person who said `` the buck stops here '' ?
what are the names of the characters in the film none0 ?
who inspired john steinbeck to write and influenced william styron ?
what currencies are used where croatian dinar is used , besides said dinar ?
where did the litigant from michael jackson 's trial study ?
who are the senators of the district that includes princeton-plainsboro teaching ?
where is the `` profiles in courage '' editions author buried ?
what animations have starred taylor lautner ?
what sue chan film was ryan gosling in ?
what sports team was started the earliest and was a team on which tim howard played ?
what religions are practiced in the city where the manager daily is circulated ?
who are the 9 justices seated in the supreme court of the united states building 2011 ?
where did the author of the wonderful wizard of oz live ?
the official symbol for the new mexico spadefoot toad is in what timezone ?
find the region that has a government section titled ministry of foreign affairs , what language is spoken there ?
where is home to the appalachian mountains and includes a coat of arms of fredericton ?
what team , that michael essien played for , did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2012 ?
where do they speak turkish and what 's the topic that speaker alexander mintz spoke about ?
who is the person who influenced frank lloyd wright and died from tuberculosis ?
in what city did elvis presley live before his death which has a neighborhood called riverside ?
there is a body of water that flows under the chirundu bridge , what ocean does this drain into ?
can you tell us where the soldier involved in the battle of kulikovo was from ?
find the countries that speak pidgin , what is the most commonly spoken language there ?
what ice hocky player is also a coach for vancouver canucks ?
what movie was decorated by gordon sim and stars zac efron ?
what currency is used in the gebel elba location ?
where was the actor that played luke cromwell come from ?
what challenges did the person who published editions for the story of my life ( illustrated classics collection 2 ) face ?
who were vp in the film young abraham lincoln ?
what movies released in the none4 has taylor lautner been in ?
how did the actor who played the character julia biggs die ?
name a few hotels in the city that the fictional character chloe king lived . ?
what movie starring diana ross that was directed by berry gordy ?
who was a 2013 virginia senator and governor of virginia ?
what inspired john colet and influenced michelangelo ?
which actor played mason capwell and also produced the film the 11th hour ?
find the place affected by hurricane otto , what is the national sport there ?
what state did laura ingalls wilder live in that uses united states dollar currency ?
what movie starred taylor lautner and was produced by anthony katagas ?
what artist who died in giverny influenced vincent van gogh ?
what were the former vocations of the librarian '' -g0 who was appointed to their government position by benjamin franklin0 ?
who was the vice president under a political appointer who was the us attorney for the northern district of georgia ?
what animation movies do zac efron star in ?
who played the character juni is the movie whose crew included scott bogoniewski ?
who was the political appointer , who had the title white house staff assistant , marriage to ?
where is the place that contains the devapathiraja college capital ?
what town was the person who spoke during the march on washington for jobs and freedom assassinated in ?
the country where harbin beer is made has which political system ?
where did the speaker live in gyokuon-hōsō ?
what things did thomas eddison and emilie berliner invent ?
what is the postal code for the south korean location where the film hahaha takes place ?
who are senators from the district represented by new jersey2 ?
which michael jackson movies featured costumes designed by mary e. vogt ?
who knows which time zone the indianapolis news is distributed in ?
what state touches the missouri river and is featured in utterly cold blooded ?
what currency is used in nova roma ?
who are the senators from the state that has an official symbol of new jersey2 ?
what school did the music producer which produced silk electric attend ?
what movies has both taylor lautner and kevin costner played in ?
where was the speaker about the berlin wall located ?
what is the form of government of the communist party of china , which includes a chairman ?
which google founder invented scoring documents in a linked database ?
which language is spoken in the setting of `` la hora de la siesta '' ?
which liverpool amustment park features the speed buzz ride ?
what religion are people in the country of russia ?
who is the current chief justice of the court system that includes william johnson ?
what types of art did the creator of the art series for cars , a visual artist , use ?
where is the birthplace of the publishing author of editions for meridian ?
in which university did theodor schwann study and has an undergraduate number greater than 19942 ?
what movie did selena gomez star in along side george clooney ?
what selena gomez movies were produced by none0 ?
what secretary of state under president richard nixon ended their political career latest ?
what school did the peros attend ? n who quoted `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others . `` ?
what languages are spoken in the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken ?
what position did abraham lincoln hold in the house of representatives ?
in what border countries does the prime minister of armenia have jurisdiction ?
the actor who was in three 's a crowd is interred where ?
what graduate and post-graduate degrees are held by the white house associate director of public liaison ?
which actor who played yasochika lemura and voiced simba ?
what sports team enjoyed by canadians was founded after 1912 ?
who is credited with producing the denise dating radio show ?
what type of government does the country where the beer el gouna beverage co. sakara gold is made have ?
which coach of the vancouver canucks ended his professional sports career in the last year ?
what movie that ron howard directed featured the song `` all love can be '' ?
the place where new zealand sign language is spoken exports to which countries ?
which actor plays the parent of david marcus in star trek ?
what currency is used in the country that makes santa fe beer ?
who invented the method for node ranking in a linked database as well as started google ?
which louisiana state senator was appointed by andrew jackson ?
who were the head coaches of the carolina panthers after the year 1989 ?
who influenced baron de montesquie and was influenced by girard desargues ?
which city was the person who said `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding . '' from ?
what religion is practiced where the 2010 massachusetts us senate special election was held ?
list the spouses of the stars of judy collins and elizabeth cotten : rainbow quest . ?
which of leonardo da vinci 's most famous inventions were also invented by fausto veranzio ?
which chris farley movie had a sequel titled `` dancing ninja '' ?
what language is spoken where akher saa is in circulation as the newspaper ?
what is the hometown of the person congress dedicated its work to ?
in the movie `` the secret life of leonardo da vinci '' what inventions were portrayed ?
what series is jill wagner in that has less than 5 seasons ?
when was the last the dallas cowboys helmet won the super bowl ?
which public speaker spoke about taxation and was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
where is a good place to stay around the valencia gardens neighborhood ?
which team is sponsored by miller lite ?
which organist sang for pink floyd ?
which attractions in kansas city have a capacity greater than 1800 ?
what actor played old bilbo and died from cancer ?
which movies were filmed in the united states of america and featured michael jackson as an actor ?
what currency is used in the country bearing the seal of the mexico on its coat of arms ?
what are the capital cities of the countries whose symbol is the coat of arms of south africa ?
what indiana jones movie was a sequel to indiana jones and indiana jones2 ?
which album released after april 7 , 2014 did john frusciante play on ?
who was the current vice president when `` iraq had wmds in 2003 '' was stated ?
what is the currency of the country of origina for the korat breed ?
in 2011 supreme court of the united states6 served as a judge on what court and who were the other 9 justices ?
in which film featuring regina hall were the costumes designed by gersha phillips ?
find the film featuring taylor lautner that is from japan . ?
which of the politicians who were elected after 1996 was prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 ?
what was the first cartoon called by the owner of the radio station whkt ?
which movie was taylor lautner part of that had kirk francis as a crew member in 2011 ?
where does the company that acquired la boulange operate ?
what is the religion practiced by the people who use the currency israeli lira ?
what are the volumes of the harry potter series about friendship in order of their appearance ?
what country with the government called the state peace and development council do burmese cats originate in ?
what latest film was released latest that features liam hemsworth ?
what english language movies does chad michael murray play in ?
what was the name of none9 vp who ended his government position after gerald ford8 ?
what religion does madonna practice where there is a deity known as the holy spirit ?
what are major religions in the country with ministry of justice ?
which major trading partner of germany has pound sterling as their currency ?
the film the the adventures of priscilla , queen of the desert features what country ruled by queen elizabeth ii ?
what was massachusetts state motto when it held the republican senate primary in 2009 ?
what currency is used in france and the åland islands ?
n which country whose governmental office holder is named leonid chernovetskyi was the uefa euro 2012 held ?
what is the time zone of the ok river ?
what production designed by jan roelfs has mario lopez played in ?
what movies that are of the stop motion genre did madonna appear in ?
which politician is the senator of new jersey , who was appointed to his government position by jon corzine ?
which team has lionel messi played for which was founded the earliest ?
what is the earliest-opened structure that provides fun and something to do in houston ?
what was time time zone in kentucky during the 2010 senate elections ?
what mount st. helens volcano location is the governmental jurisdiction with the office holder elisha p. ferry ?
what religion was the topic of the 1961 film greeting nikita khrushchev ?
which countries speak g.1hhc3_gp11 and have an army with fewer than 21,150 members ?
what television show released in germany that was taped in new york city ?
where did the the ethnicity group that includes nottoway indians come from ?
what kind of food does the composer of billie jean like to eat ?
what country has a nominal gdp like the us and uses the euro ?
what did thomas edison and joesph swan invent ?
who became president of the untied states , when the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall was killed ?
what school sports team of university of michigan did jim harbaugh play for ?
what were the religions of the opposing sides in the battle of kulikovo ?
who is the actor who plays dwight in the show with the theme song `` the office theme song '' ?
which of the venues in sydney has a capacity smaller than 10000 ?
what movie series featuring taylor lautner debuted in the international film festival ?
what state was home to tennessee williams and yoknapatawpha county ?
what time zone is the hub of the british european airways airline ?
what is the capital city of the governmental jurisdiction where the legislative session of the 27th parliament of ontario was held ?
the actor who played larry hagman2 died of what type of cancer ?
find the location of the movie speed 2 : cruise control . ?
what was the `` march on washington for jobs and freedom '' speaker 's major in college ?
what currency is used in the country where wu xiaoling holds governmental office ?
who wrote the screenplay for the film `` young widow '' and marriage actress veronica lake ?
which teams did the actor who played charles barkley0 play for ?
which of henry winkler 's television productions has less than 44 episodes ?
which reggie bush6 players have dated kim kardashian ?
the country where archa beer is made , what language is spoken ?
what city did robin williams live in during 2011 that has a treasure island neighborhood ?
find the location of the asian college of science and technology 's main campus , what type of currency is used there ?
what is the main language in the area where the israeli lira is used for currency ?
what religion did jesus christ start and adalf adolf hitler follow ?
what is the name of the hotel at the street address 2 , new montgomery street in san francisco ?
the neighborhood called kallang has people speaking mostly which language ?
what language family does the language kenosha fall in ?
where is the beer monteith 's lager produced and is a chinese trading partner ?
what movie 's story line written be frank bunker gilbreth , jr. starred taylor lautner ?
in the movie first class discipleship what religion did adolf hitler follow ?
what christopher brown directed movie stars taylor lautner ?
which movie directed by david slade stared taylor lautner ?
who was prime minister '' -g of japan from 2012 until most recently ?
what airport is locate near the downtown area of the city that circualtes the newspaper `` now '' ?
the focus is of what country found in the image casa-bahamas ?
which basic belief of sikhism was featured in the work `` she : a history of adventure '' ?
which school did the music producer behind sometimes late at night attend ?
who preforms the voice of none0 on a film that included crew member maryann mcleod ?
what movie starred ian somerhalder and was cast by donald paul pemrick ?
what language do people from fiji speak that is also mainly spoken in fiji ?
what english language movies starred nick cannon ?
from what university does the director for multilateral affairs hail ?
which high school did the actor in `` none0 '' attend ?
find the music producer of romeoland , what television series and films has he been featured in ?
which play , whose costumes where designed by rita mcghee , did regina hall play in ?
what movie , produced by ray liotta , featured jenna dewan ?
which siblings of none3 were born in gary ?
those who speak the idoma language are governed by what political systems ?
which judaism person was secretary of state under richard nixon ?
in what tourist attraction in texas does the film `` sam houston race park2 '' take place ?
which team , which plays in ralph wilson stadium , did terrell owens play for in 2010 ?
what style of visual art that created series of hospital in aries ?
who influenced the author of `` henry fielding2 '' ?
which vp and public speaker spoke about the watergate scandal ?
which revolutionary war writer was influenced by benjamin franklin and was to be an influence on abraham lincoln ?
where did the subject of the film raven died ?
what influenced albert einstein to become a vegetarian ?
what country exports to nepal that speaks portuguese ?
who did the cleveland caviliers draft on their team that made television appearances after 2008 ?
which nations does the countries that speaks the none8 border ?
dion phaneuf is the captain of a sport team that plays what type of game ?
what language do people speak in the country that has the prime minister of turkey ?
which judge of the supreme court ended a judicial tenure the earliest ?
out of all of the movies that were directed by john schlesinger , which ones did madonna appear in ?
what is the name of the movie that taylor lautner starred in , in 2011 and was decorated by julie smith ?
which groups was the political appointer who was commander in chief of home forces involved with ?
find the subject of young mr. lincoln , what was this person killed with ?
what language was spoken in the place where tutankhamun lived ?
in the film which david bawel was a crew member on , who is the person who plays none0 ?
which trading partner country of portugal has power plug type f plugs ?
what art form was used to create stanze di raphael frescoes ?
what currency is accepted in the country affected by the cyclonic tropical depression two-e ?
what movies all contain the an actor who played in taylor lautner0 ?
which movie that rick simpson worked on starred quentin tarantino ?
find the author who published the temple of my familiar , what was he famous for ?
what career is the author of published edition for the wayward bus best known for ?
who murdered the subject of the film an american affair ?
which films did taylor lautner star in that are animation ?
what area did cyclone agni affect ?
the make believe parent of none0 was played by whom ?
what did ernest c pollards academic assistant identify ?
which actor , known for the character of mason capwell , died of a heart attack ?
what currency is used in the country with governmental position prime minister of hungary ?
which politician whose tenure as such began after 1981 was the prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 ?
which book with the isbn-13 9780671028459 did tupac write ?
what is the primary language of the country of origin of desnoes & geddes red strip lager beer ?
what film starred both shawnee smith and rob lowe ?
where was the person that said `` the sky is no longer the limit '' born ?
which liverpool team has tim howard played for ?
what college degrees were earned by the public speaker who spoke about energy development ?
what movie featured taylor momsen and directorial work bu gary fettis ?
what tv program , with the theme song `` i know you know '' , did carlton lassiter play in ?
what movies decorated by robert drumheller stared diana ross ?
what is the middle school that the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address attend ?
what country that has a second level division waldenburg speaks german officially ?
which tv shows starring shawnee smith had less than 16 episodes ?
name the year and championship first won by the team that play in old trafford , greater manchester ?
what organization has its headquarters located in montpelier , vt in the citytown of westfield ?
which j.j. abrams movies had april webster as the film director ?
what building established after 1855 is fun to visit in san diego ?
what is the capital city of where nova roma located in ?
which ron howard movies did ron howard0 produce the music for ?
when is the last time the sports team that plays in the stadium sports authority field at mile high won the super bowl ?
did kim kardashian produce the film banned from television ?
what is there to see and do in the location where fictional universe dexter universe take place ?
in 2011 , what movie was taylor lautner in which was based on the book by stephenie meyer ?
whoch university did the president that spoke in the 2012 state of the union address get his bachelor 's degree from ?
what church has massachusetts6 as official symbol ?
what movie sequel to scooby-doo ! and the loch ness monster starred mario lopez ?
where does a footbal player in a punt returner position named bill reinhard1 live ?
what team did matt barnes played on that has a guard as a position on the team ?
what party was the speaker for egalitarianism a part of ?
what political office has been held by both brendan sharkey and john boehner ?
where can you visit near bangkok with the street address sanam chai road , phra nakhon district ?
in which super bowl did the dallas cowboys beat the denver broncos ?
what type of government do both the united kingdom and austria-hungary have ?
name the system of government that can be found in the country that makes bgi lager beer . ?
what country has english as its native language and has the carlow brewing company within its borders ?
which of the teams on which manny ramirez played was founded most recently ?
what disease was the producer of silk electric diagnosed with ?
what united states of american shows did henry winkler produce ?
what school did the associate director of the white house office of public liason attend ?
what languages does the location that has the second level division istanbul province speak ?
where did the person who said `` government does not solve problems ; it subsidizes them . `` ?
what party is portrayed in the gore vidal film lincoln ?
which city capital has the official symbol of dum spiro spero ?
who plays lord voldemort and also produced the film coriolanus ?
who plays the parent of fictional character bobby draper and what actress is engaged to him ?
who was the area hit by cyclone tasha named after ?
which film , with costumes designed by melissa toth , starred jenna dewan ?
which madonna movie was edited by thom noble ?
where was the public speaker 's hometown when he spoke about egalitarianism ?
who does the country where south african english is spoken export to ?
for what company did the subject of the film `` ford motor company : the man and the machine '' work ?
which quarter back has passing attempt statistics of 28 plus and was the none5 none8 in 2012 ?
what country was home to the fictional character tutankhamun and is the place where the temple of karnak was built ?
who is the 41st president of the united states who ran against bill clinton for the presidency ?
what province is in the country on the border with china ?
what film did liam hemsworth play in and nikki barrett direct ?
whats the name of the arena with an address of 1500 sugar bowl drive that the 2012 ncaa basketball tourney was played at ?
who is the member of the kennedy family whom igor stravinsky dedicated his work to ?
what year did the orioles win the world series by beating the reds ?
where is the city of giza located ?
what type of government is used in the pidgin , nigerian language is used ?
which politician was appointed by george washington and credited baron de montesquie as a major influence ?
what movie was released to dvd and starred mario lopez ?
which language is both the dominant language in israel and the language of the heroes in hell fictional universe ?
find the person who served as under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness , where did they attend college ?
in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made , what is the governing system ?
who plays dwight in the program that features dunder mifflin infinity in multiple episodes ?
which artist who influenced vincent van gogh said , `` a taste for simplicity can not endure for long '' ?
what political party did taft dedicate his work to ?
what movies in the famous taylor lautner1 series featured taylor lautner ?
what sibling of michael jackson wrote the music for poetic justice ?
what did william whiston 's academic advisor do ?
which national sport of the governmental jurisdiction has the governmental body name the puerto rico cabinet ?
what country uses type f power plugs and speaks arabic language ?
what was the cause of death of the author who published editions of wild apples ?
what was the first cartoon released by the company that bought saban entertainment ?
what type of currency does nova roma use . ?
the sports teams that play at the three rivers stadium are represented by what colors ?
what is the motto of the state where there is a district represented by deval patrick ?
in which james bond film series did madonna have a role ?
what is the religion of the people living in the country where maccabee beer is made ?
what missouri governor when the 1994/1996 us senate election was held in missouri ?
in a film that adam paschke was a crew member of who plays terminator salvation0 ?
what is one of two states with an official symbol of fleur-de-lis ?
what are the other languages spoken in the country that speaks bambara ?
what year did the los angeles lakers win championship with the washington capitols as championship runner-up ?
what occupations were held by the lyracist for `` i 'm not a vampire ? `` ?
what 's the language spoken in the country where gebel elba is ?
which of the 2011 films starring taylor lautner was released earliest ?
what timezone is used in the canadian show regenesis ?
what actor played jacob black in a movie that starred gregory tyree boyce ?
what timezone was affected by the 1815 new england hurricane ?
what are the state symbols of the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named teller ammons ?
what was the death location of the u.s. attorney for the northern district of georgia ?
what is the name of the current president where the second level division comendador , elías piñawas elias pina in 2011 ?
where does the river that flows through songo , mozambique start ?
which of the countries which south africa trades with has an iso alpha 3 of tza ?
what super bowl was won by the new york giants with a score of 20-19 ?
what television mini series was shot in new york and included production design by nelson coates ?
a politician that was appointed to their government position by continental congress got married to who ?
what country ruled by house of habsburg that has wels as a second level division ?
what movies did quentin tarantino star in that were part of the kill bill volume 1 series ?
who was influenced by dean martin and went on to influence michael jackson ?
where was the speaker at the march on washington for jobs and freedom raised ?
what is the currency of panama and ecuador ?
find the name of the concentration camp that anne frank was killed in . ?
where is nova roma and what language is spoken there ?
what body of water does the louis-hippolyte lafontaine bridge tunnel flow into ?
where does `` seven years in tibet '' take place ?
what actor played old bilbo and was born in coalville ?
which common religion in featured in the film , the cup ?
what is the movie with ryan gosling that features a realdoll ?
what movie by james frey was released to the distribution medium theatrical ?
linda burton did the production design for what movie starring chris colfer ?
in what city was the person bernstein dedicated his work killed in ?
which religion received the dedication of leonard bernstein 's work ?
what other political offices did the author of the audacity of hope hold ?
who was the none4 of the governmental jurisdiction whose government includes the title `` none4 of brazil '' ?
where did the government politician appointed by paul von hindenburg die ?
who can tell me some things you can do in ottawa0 today ?
what is the name of the dinosaur movie starring wentworth miller ?
main language of england and also used in the philippines . ?
what conditions did the person who had his work dedicated by the united states congress suffer from ?
who are the current senators from the place with the official symbol of quercus ?
the fictional character tutankhamun lived in a country which employed what political system ?
what taylor lautner movie had a run time less than 60 ?
what movies feature ashley green and was part of thw none5 saga ?
provide the type of government used where the tsonga language is spoken . ?
which historical figure who was influenced by baron de montesquie died of bleeding ?
in san diego , california , what amusement park has the manta ride ?
what is the capital of the country where second level division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a ?
where is nova roma located and flemish people come from ?
where is the hometown of the politician that was appointed by malcom fraiser ?
what is the capital of the republic of the place that uses the irish pound as currency ?
what celebrity did the actor who played theodore everest date ?
which artist who inspired van vincent van gogh passed away in giverny ?
who plays mary jane in a film that also starred andrea rewolinski ?
name the senator of the district that was represented by john d waihee iii in the year 2012 ?
who plays the character of haley james scott 's parents on `` one tree hill '' ?
who plays garrett on the tv show with the theme song secret ?
what team plays it 's games in witton west midlands and has once had peter crouch as a player ?
which of the four united kingdom countries is governed by the scottish government ?
which hong kong location was the government located for a week ?
who coached the football team that plays in lucas oil stadium in 2011 ?
what type of government system is in place in the country that speaks filipino ?
who is buried at père lachaise cemetery and credited as an ispiration to van vincent van gogh ?
the music producer of john frusciante6 played on an album : which one ?
what movie has taylor lautner starred in that contains a sequel named eclipse ?
the artist who created the series the waterseller series died where ?
where does the river that flows through wodonga end ?
which book written by niccolò machiavelli has the isbn 0140447520 ?
what is the name of the newspaper in the place where the fictional character chloe king lived ?
the country that has the second level division salcedo uses what type of currency ?
what battle of the french revolutionary wars is george washington associated with ?
in what made-for-tv movie , with a run time of less than 60 minutes , did taylor lautner star ?
the team that used to be called los angeles dodgers and for which jackie robinson played . ?
what currency is used where the breed thai thai bangkaew dog was created ?
what kind of government does the governmental jurisdiction which has the position ministry of justice have ?
who are the parents of the artist nominated for cold creek manor ?
in the movies directed by wayne wang ; which movie did madonna appear in ?
what football franchise plays their games in santiago bernabã©u stadium and had cristiano ronaldo as a team member in 2011 ?
which president leads the country with brazilian portuguese as the language ?
what was the elected president 's name in the region in which none2 was a governmental office holder ?
which 2012 baltimore ravens quarterback has passing statistics less than 28 ?
which of the harry potter books falls into the category of magic realism ?
what movie features kat dennings and was released in the philippines ?
what other languages are spoken where brazilian portuguese is spoken ?
what language do scottish people and people in the fictional universe the hector hornsmith pirate chronicles speak ?
where is the nascar hall of fame located , also home to the neighborhod eastland ?
what country did czech republicslovakia become which also featured in the work golem ?
what languages are used in the country that entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog came from ?
who wrote the play call me madam and what was his career ?
what county does the area where the newspaper clearwater beacon circulated in ?
what language , found in the fictional universe the tortall universe , did the miwok indians speak ?
what speculative fiction story was written by john irving ?
what did the author of `` a briefer history of time '' study ?
what time zone does the film `` shoot 'em up '' take place in ?
who are the republican party senators from utah ?
who is buried in the anne boleyn0 and was decapitationed while marriage to king henry ?
which of the homes of laura ingalls wilder adopted their governmental jurisdiction location symbol first ?
what language do they speak in the place that has an official symbol of unicorn ?
which politician who influenced abraham lincoln retired last ?
who won an attorney general position and has the official symbol of the bonneville cutthroat trout ?
which arena held games of the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament and is sponsored by nationwide mutual insurance company ?
what continent is the water under the mechanicville bridge located on ?
what structures can you see in downtown chicago that opened after 1893 ?
what is the national sport of the location that has ceiba pentandra as its official symbol ?
find the litigant in the trial of michael jackson , where did they go to school ?
what is the currency of the country that tutankhamum lived in ?
what label was the music producer who produced `` the don killuminati : the 7-day theory '' signed to ?
in the state where the 2008 united states senate election was held , what are the michigan4 and michigan0 ?
the water under dona ana bridge drains in which ocean ?
what movie producted by reid carolin starred jenna dewan ?
what are the major religions in the country whose coat of arms is coat russia ?
where is the current home of the actor who played dan hatch ?
in the rosetta project what is the language coded xloj that is spoken by israeli people ?
where did the politician appointed by the continental congress work at ?
what language is spoken in the area that is home to the newspaper fréttablaðið ?
what other offices in politics were held by the person who gave the state of the union address in 2012 ?
who is the 2009 governor of the area with the official symbol of yule marble ?
what two georgia senators were also members of the 108th united states congress ?
what political party is located in washington , d.c. and once had a member named abraham lincoln ?
which berber languages is used by egyptians ?
what can you do on location of the film `` brent corrigan 's heat '' ?
what award established after gary paulsen4 did gary paulsen win ?
what indiana jones movie was nominated for an award for the role of henry jones , sr. ?
what ethnicity groups do tajiks fall under ?
what featured mario lopez wearing costumes designed by lyelyn harper ?
who is the current none2 of the country where huntaway dogs were first bred ?
what time zone is used in china in the place where the film `` hong kong confidential '' takes place ?
what is the main language spoken in the country that romansh language is used ?
which new jersey senator was also a bob menendez0 ?
what is the official language of the country where the icelandic language is spoken ?
which orlando , florida area amusement park is home to the kongfrontation ride ?
who was the peer or gustave le bon who influenced albert einstein ?
what music producer of `` in need help '' inspired michael jackson to become a singer ?
what languages are also spoken in the country where thai is spoken ?
what films did none5 play in which were released on dvd ?
what united kingdom country is the birthplace of anne krassilowsky ?
which college , which has fewer than 6835 undergraduates , did jay cutler attend ?
what tv show , produced by mitchell galin , did shawnee smith play in ?
what book written by aristotle has an isbn of 0140449493 ?
which school containing the university of california , los angeles jonsson comprehensive cancer center is attended by james franco ?
in the location where `` the alchemist of happiness '' takes place , what kind of political system do they use ?
what is the death place of the speaker from thomas jefferson 's 1801 presidential inauguration ?
which mario lopez film had a sequel called `` scooby-doo ! in where 's my mummy ? `` ?
this former spouse of tom cruise produced the film `` in the cut '' . ?
what artistic style is use by the artist that created the series titled water liliess ?
who country with the kurdish languages as an official language did we fight in the gulf war ?
which actor plays the voice of the character brian in family guy ?
where hughes telematics inc. headquarters move when acquired ?
who was vice president that had the title comptroller general of the united states ?
what government is used where south korean won is used ?
what school did the political appointer barack obama2 attend ?
what is the currency accepted in the country where samanã¡ english is spoken ?
what sports team was founded in none2 and carlos boozer played for ?
in which gmt timezone is the fictional universe of regenesis located ?
in a work dedicated to christopher reeve , who plays the character of lois lane ?
what types of money are used in the location where the ukraineian ukrainian karbovanets are used ?
who character does sarah white play in the movie where harah gilson played in ?
what seven-letter province is the location where the movie `` saw v '' takes place ?
when visiting downtown chicago , what would you find at 111 south michigan avenue ?
what is the sport that the japanese play and is played in the national olympic stadium ?
which tennessee0s share a border with the one with the official symbol tennessee0 commercial fish ?
what college in hanover did theodore lesieg receive his education ?
who killed the person who said `` reality leaves a lot to the imagination '' ?
find the place where maori is spoken , what are the major sports of that location ?
what county in the united states does the setting of the film `` paranormal activity '' take place ?
what movie that was filmed with a camera dolly includes zac efron as a lead actor ?
what state does the missouri river runs through and where the fictional universe tempus unbound ?
what two major religions in canada have a `` none0 '' deity ?
what was the cause of death when the actor that played the character `` sportin life '' died ?
what country with top level domain of si speaks italian ?
what type of artwork is featued in `` helvetica '' and is also the style most popularly used by henri matisse ?
in what location did the actor from robin williams : weapons of self destruction get married ?
where in florida is port st. johns , and what is florida 's state fossil ?
who was the musical producer of i need help ( live on stage ) and influenced michael jackson ?
what are the best hotels in the frederick douglass haynes gardens neighborhood ?
what disease did the litigant in the trial of michael jackson have ?
what to do as part of the viti levu group in nadi fiji ?
the river that flows through poughkeepsie starts where ?
which kind of money is currency in the jurisdiction governed by the governor-general of the bahamas ?
what currency is most widely accepted where `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' was shot ?
who played bilbo in the film starring stephen regeious ?
what political party is the person who published `` the audacity of hope '' in ?
what movie starring taylor lautner that was edited by christopher greenbury ?
what language does the place where the guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer made speak ?
where is the home of the actor who played the character waterpark girl ?
what form of government does the country that made nevskoye light beer has ?
on a movie twilight4 crewed , who played bella ?
where did both theodore lesieg and professor charles xavier go to school ?
what author was the primary topic of kim newman in her speech and was an influence to charles dickens ?
what state flower has an official symbol of saguaro ?
list the degrees achieved by the person serving as under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness . ?
which siblings were the litigants in the trial of michael jackson ?
what is the timezone for the country where malaysian is spoken ?
what government type is dominica and also the political system in libya ?
what state , through which the sierra nevadas run , adapted its governmental jurisdiction location symbol latest ?
looking for movies with taylor lautner in the thriller genre . ?
what cartoon pornography did madonna have a role in ?
charlotte , north carolina is known for this asset owned by cedar fair entertainment company . ?
what building in toronto is owned by donald trump ?
what are the team colors of the team whose home stadium is pitt stadium ?
find the public speaker who spoke about education reform , who did they list as an inspiration ?
what taylor momsen movies were also crewed by shelby young ?
what form of government does the area affected by typhoon yunya have ?
from where does the government that held the legislative session of the 3rd new zealand parliament import ?
who is the music producer who produced off the ground 's current wife ?
who plays the character born in gotham city in 2012 ?
which university is the parent company of weather underground , and was the school attended by sanjay gupta ?
where is the affected area of the vincente typhoon ?
what country speaks english and makes porterhouse wrasslers xxxx stout ?
what is the movie directed by david slade which robert pattinson starred in ?
which television program starring taylor lautner had the longest episode running time ?
this actor was in none2 , what else has he produced ?
what area was affected by tropical storm norma and what time zone are they in ?
to what party does the political appointee that had the title associate director , white house office of public liaison belong ?
what movies were released after cosmopolis8 and have robert pattinson in them ?
what 's the time zone in the university heights neighborhood of cincinnati , ohio ?
what is the job title of the author who published de revolutionibus orbium coelestium . ?
where is there to stay in the jurisdiction where there is a governmental office holder named michela alioto-pier ?
who is the producer of neil patrick harris0 dating ?
name the prominent language used in the battle of kulikovo ?
which sacred language family language do you speak in iran ?
what movies whose genre is thriller , did quentin tarantino star in ?
where did the author of the lion the witch and the wardrobe live ?
which language does the second level division of corfu use ?
what model does michael jordan marriage to ?
what united kingdom country is under the scottish government 's rule ?
what is the name of the person the film the unauthorized biography of johnny cash 's first wife is about ?
what school whose headquarters is located in the citytown of pasadenadid did jackie robinson go to ?
find the producer on morgan freeman6 , what awards have they won ?
who played the character that was born in none4 ?
which coach of the minnesota vikings has been coaching from the year after 20014 ?
where are savin hill and the blue hills bank pavilion located ?
what language is spoken in the place that is home to supreme court of pakistan ?
charlie hunnam was in what movie from italy ?
what movie does kat dennings star in and had a sequel named big mommas : like father , like son ?
what new movie stars robert pattinson and was produced by kiologic films ?
which state has the the mississippi river running thorough it and an official state symbol of liriodendron ?
who does the speaker featured on the 2012 us state of the union address look up to ?
on which continent is the government of south africa located ?
which time zone includes both new york and locations nears venice municipal airport ?
what language is used in israel and kenosha ?
what did the speaker in the march of washington for jobs and freedom do in his life ?
in which state touched by the missouri river was fictional character riley finn born ?
what movie was directed by j.j. abrams and involved czech language ?
when did the sports team that plays at turner field win the world series ?
what is the government in the country of circulation area for the newspaper akher saa ?
who is the football coach of the sports team that plays at the university of phoenix stadium ?
where in new york city did bernard madoff live that is also the location of queens0 lakes ' birth ?
what is the timezone in pennsylvania near the toronto toronto pearson international airport ?
what area is home to fictional univers hard to be me and howard university ?
what religion was practiced by the public speaker who spoke about anti-apartheid ?
which disease did the person william howard taft dedicated his/her work have ?
what country speaks domari language and what is their political system ?
actor that was philippines0 and also has been a president of the philippines ?
what languages are spoken where the fillipino language is spoken ?
which prominent public orator that spoke about anti-apartheid died first ?
find the artwork called paris - place de l'etolie , what is the name of the airport featured in this ?
in the movie that inspired spider-man-2 : music from and inspired by , which actress played mary jane ?
what language , spoken by the people of south africa , is featured in the work middlemarch : a study of provincial life ?
which great thinker was the academic advisor of william whiston and also influenced albert einstein ?
what language is spoken in the country where the supreme court of switzerland presides ?
what significant office did the subject of the `` young abraham lincoln '' hold ?
which actor who played on-screen musician # 31 ran against george w. bush ?
what is the name of the office that the none6 dedicates their work to ?
ontario is the place that has the neighborhood `` oakwood–vaughan '' , what is the time zone there ?
what is the time zone near tulsa international airport in south dakota ?
who was the area affected by cyclone ada named for ?
what is the name of the currency that serbia and montenegro formerly used and it used by france ?
what kind of currency is used in the country that produced san miguel cervasa negra beer ?
name the wife of the person william howard taft dedicated his work to . ?
what religion , which sarah was a founder of , did the ottoman turks follow ?
which actress who plays bella in twilight has a romantic relationship that ended the earliest ?
where did the president who gave the 2012 state of the union address attend school ?
where was the person born who said `` writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence . `` ?
where is the bank of america located in the fores hills neighborhood ?
who were the parents of mary shelley that are buried at st. pancras old church ?
what supreme court of the united states is a tenured judge for the united states court of appeals for the second circuit united states court of appeals ?
what english poet , who was william shakespeare inspiration to write poetry , is buried in westminster abbey ?
the public speaker who spoke about anti-apartheid was shot by who ?
which country has nina dobrev as a citizen and also has the smallest army ?
mayne berke directed which movies that also had an appearance by madonna ?
what religion was founded by sarah and is practiced by george soros ?
where was the 2012 state of the union address speaker born ?
what year of the world series had the new york yankees as the winners and the cincinnati reds as the runner up ?
what schools attended by sir ernest rutherford have fewer than 6246 postgraduates ?
list the college degrees earned by the speaker at the none6 . ?
what language is spoken in the country that the breed egypt6 originated from ?
what language is spoken in the place that has the court , court of session ?
the profit islam2 is a known religious figure . what is the name of the religion ?
laurie macdonald produced which michael jackson movie ?
which movies with running times of less than 60 minutes was taylor lautner in ?
what movies , released on dvd , has another cinderella story3 starred in ?
of the most common religions in the united states of america , which one has sarah as a founding figure ?
what stephen king television mini series was taped in new york city ?
what canadian government exists where baldur von schirach was born ?
what is the most popular religion in the country that uses old israeli shekel as its currency ?
what currency is the same as the peruvian inti ?
what is the newest amusement park to see in san diego , ca ?
nova roma is located in which country where the flemish lived ?
what is the name of the location where an award nominee was born and kennedy 's inaugural address took place ?
the hartford whalers play and the celtics practice in what facility ?
what language , with the code slk in the rosetta project , do people in the czech republic speak ?
which none3 exhibition venues were opened after may of 2006 ?
what currency is used in the place where one of the courts is federal supreme court of switzerland ?
what sports are played in the region that was hit by typhoon yunya ?
where did the flemish military reside during the battle of talavera ?
which newspaper is printed where the film shaq & cedric : the entertainer present : all star comedy jam is set ?
which ncis season did ziva start on the program ?
what office was once held by both abraham lincoln and a member of the maine house of representatives ?
who is the senator that holds jurisdiction with the connecticut senate 2010. ?
what did the author , who published `` the universe in a nutshell '' , study ?
what language is spoken where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo currency is used ?
what years did the team from the miami metropolitan area win the super bowl ?
what flim has ian somerhalder acted in and has the film been released to none8 ?
what airport is located in the 16th arrondissement neighborhood ?
what cinderella movie featured chad michael murray ?
the person who said `` whoever is happy will make others happy too '' died in which concentration camp ?
george washington was associated with what war where the max for size was greater than 824 ?
which movie starred robert parrinson with cinematography by guillermo navarro ?
what tv series starred mark harmon and was produced by david susskind ?
where was the image of rihanna performing at kanye west 's glow in the dark tour taken ?
which instrument created by bartolomeo cristofori was played by scott joplin ?
composer billie jean played which character in `` the wiz ? `` ?
what george clooney produced movie has ryan gosling as an actor ?
which of robert pattison 's new movies was released first ?
what judaism person does barack obama look up to ?
what school is located in citytown hanover that robert frost attended ?
what is the time zone where the film `` capitalism : a love story , '' was located ?
what field did the associate director of the white house office of public liaison get a degree in ?
the state that is home to bad bill has which state flower ?
what caused the death of the person to whom paul hindemith dedicated his work ?
what movies have taylor lautner starred in that was produced by albert brenner ?
what us none2 shares a border with tennessee also held the legislative session of the 108th united states congress ?
where did the person die , who said `` generosity is the flower of justice . `` ?
what speaker , who spoke about the berlin wall , died first ?
what movies directed by boaz yakin star ryan gosling ?
what language is used in the county where duncan 's founders organic brewery tall blonde beer is made ?
what town is the host of nbc nightly news live from ?
what character did james franco play in the movie that also featured carol ruth silver ?
what should be done with kids in the location where the phoenix new times newspaper is circulated ?
what movie featuring regina hall had a prequel named scary movie 2 ?
who was the vegetarian who started pixar ?
which character does the voice actor of takashi sakuma voice ?
in what time zone is the cleveland cleveland free times newspaper circulated ?
what 's the name of the tcp ip reference model developer whose organization is headquartered in san diego ?
what is the name of the currency and the name of the country where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co is located ?
which airports in chicago have southwest airlinesline ?
what is the name of the conservatism political party that winston churchill belonged to ?
what foods might the music producer of silk electric like to eat ?
what form of government is in mexico and bolivia ?
which of the movies that lorne orleans producted did robert pattinson have a role ?
what cabinet of the united states members were influenced by baron de montesquie ?
where is howard university located with the state tree as official symbol ?
what was the name of the war george washington fought in which there was less than 2100 men ?
what kind of currency is used in the country that makes brouwmeester beer ?
what other languages does the governmental jurisdiction , including council of states , speak ?
to which political party did none8 belong to to ?
what author , of ivanhoe , influenced charles dickens ?
what language is spoken in turkey and known as the iberian romance languages language ?
can you name the currency used by the country who 's coat of arms is named the seal of the mexico ?
which german films has ian somerhalder acted in ?
what country has an official symbol of liberty and union ?
what was the deathplace for the famous person who said , `` the buck stops here . `` ?
which form of government does both italy and dominica have ?
which time zones have the official symbol of brachiopod ?
kauai is a affected area by tropical storm fabio , what 's the time there ?
what is the capital of the governmental jurisdiction that includes the governmental body washington house of representatives ?
what mario lopez work did lesley beale decorate ?
which empired ruled by maria theresa has the largest army ?
what utc time zone has the official symbol of ditat deus ?
what languages are spoken in the country that is run by the government of iran ?
what is the official language of where guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer beer is made ?
what is featured in fast food nation : the dark side of the all-american meal , and martin luther king , jr. jr. studied ?
what type of music does the artist , who was nominated for ella at duke 's place , sing ?
find the country that makes brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer , what language is spoken there ?
who became president after lincoln was killed ?
where was the united states ambassador to lesotho born and raised ?
what is the capital of the state in which the seattle post-intelligencer circulates ?
what did the topic of the image 448px-kinggeorgev1928.jpg die of ?
what is the political party affiliation of a member of the none0 ?
what is the movie directed by stephen sommers which stars leo howard ?
what is the educational background of the author of f. scott fitzgerald4 ?
what was owned by the artist who was nominated for awards for `` black or white '' ?
what states featured in the story the adventures of tom sawyer touch the missouri river ?
what country has a political position called italian language2 and speaks italian ?
where is the composer that produced billie jean from ?
what is the mascot of the team that plays in turner field ?
what is the capital of the place that has the courts unabhã¤ngiger finanzsenat ?
which companies does timer time warner cable own ?
what film was followed the twilight saga : new moon in the twlight series timeline and featured actress ashley greene ?
what state capital has the official symbol of al-ki ?
where does currency mozambiquean escudo use ?
which author published both the law of attraction and editions for money ?
what character did the actor that played the character elizabeth william starred in taken ?
what did the music producer of silk electric die from ?
what type of government did they have where the fictional character tutankhamun live ?
what river flows through huntsville ?
provide the barry levinson produced films starring selena gomez . ?
for what clubs has the topic of the image `` petercrouch liverpool '' played ?
what is the currency of the country ruled by the government of hungary ?
what sports team 's arena used to have deion sanders and plays in candlestick park ?
what biography movie does ryan gosling star in ?
what ocean is around the area that was affected by hurricane fefa ?
find the sports team that calls the palace of auburn hills home , when did they win an nba championship ?
in the movie william shakespeare in love , what job did the main character have ?
name the spouse of the star of the film judy collins : live at wolftrap . ?
what type of government do both spain and the kingdom of prussia have ?
what currency is used in the place with the second level division cephalonia ?
what country speaks spanish and is home to the panama canal ?
what is the official language of the country that has an atlantic tarpon as the state tree ?
what is the name of the school the academic advisor of william whiston attend ?
which countries border the country where gilroy favourite beer is made ?
who knows which people inspired michael jackson0 's composer ?
what dialect of the dzongha family do tibetan people speak ?
which 2011 movie , released in the united states of america , featured taylor lautner ?
which artists inspired the artist who created the vincent van gogh2 series ?
find the person who portrayed video photographer # 2 , what movie did this person direct ?
what filem was featuring taylor lautner was distributed by medium video ?
what is the war that george washington is associated with that included the none0 ?
what other movies did the artist who was nominated for a league of their own6 appear in ?
what type of government is the federal government of iraq ?
what political party is the speaker from who spoke about energy development ?
what war did george washington help win with his small troop size of less than 1400 people ?
who are senators from utah where a united states senate election was held in 2010 ?
in which movie did taylor lautner star in 2011 where the currency used was united states dollars ?
in the country where the chihuahua originated , which currency would you use ?
who was a peer of fredrich holderin and was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
in the movie apollo 13 , who did the person who has the producer credit in david mccullough : painting with words play ?
who was appointed as prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 by naoto kan ?
what party is the public speaker that spoke about energy development a part of ?
who was elected president of philippines in 2000 that wrote toward philippines ?
which airport is next to where `` shoot 'em up '' takes places ?
what kind of money do they use where you 'd find the federal government of brazil ?
the coat of arms of st. catharines country has what capital city ?
how many of the indiana jones movies were decorated by peter howitt ?
what language did they speak at the place where there is a governmental body named the parliament of ghana ?
in the movie that sally arnott played in , who played roxanne ?
what is the earliest opened structure around austin , texas ?
what movie starring jenna dewan debuted at the cannes film market festival ?
which of the countries that were originally a part of czechoslovakia has a calling code greater than 420 ?
from what city is the producer of are there more than three dimensions ?
what silent film actor , who wrote the film the circus , influenced michael jackson . answer : charlie chaplin ?
the film where the subject was jacques lucan parle was born , what airport was that ?
what political system is used in both dominica and south africa ?
who wrote both the cloud capped star and jana gana mana ?
to what party did the political appointee whose title was justice of the high court of australia belong ?
what is the main language of the country whose currency is the old israeli shekel ?
who plays mary jane in the film also starring kui han lee ?
name the film that featured iam ian somerhalder in a role and gregory nicotero as a crew member . ?
what language is found in the fictitious universe of buffyverse and in australia ?
which countries did both queen victoria and george vi rule ?
what movie was written by jim lovell and directed by ron howard ?
in which area did laura ingalls wilder live that had a governmental jurisdictions location symbol adapted after 1933 ?
what currency is used in the country where romansh is spoken ?
the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness is a senator from which state ?
what jon favreau filmography production did charlie hunnam play in ?
who were the main characters of the film victoria the great 's parents ?
william hazlitt was influenced by the work of vincent van gogh , so who influenced vincent van gogh ?
in what country is cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer made , and what language do they speak there ?
name the stars of the popular tv series that had movin on up as it 's theme song . ?
which judges on the supreme court were appointed by barack obama ?
what football franchsie did the actor who played in the movie golden shoes play for during 2011 ?
what team did the football player that was purchased by the team real madrid c.f.play for in 2010 ?
what movie , starring tupac , is about basketball ?
what religion was primarily followed by politicians in the massachusetts republican senate primary in 2009 ?
find the major landforms that are located in the same place as the government of egypt . ?
who is the president of the country that uses the brazilian currency called brazilian cruzado ?
what office did paul wellstone held that consists of two houses in congress ?
what type of government is used in the place where the korean yen is used as currency ?
which languages are spoken in the country which has the constitutional court of turkey ?
is the winner of miss usa 1993 a film producer '' -g , actor , or model ?
in the area including the second level division la uniã³n , what languages are spoken ?
what language is spoken where the old taiwan dollar currency is used ?
find the country that is home to a newspaper titled la cuarta , who is president there ?
name the continent that mexican hairless dogs originate from . ?
what is the place where jamaican english is the spoken language called ?
what is the money called for the governmental jurisdiction of china2 of the peoples republic of china ?
in which country , where the siwi language is spoken , was the temple of karnak built ?
the visual artist of the series cars does what style of art ?
in what years has the team that plays in pittsburgh steelers0 won the super bowl ?
who played the parent of david marcus in star trek movie ?
which jurisdiction held the legislative session of the 15th cabinet of puerto rico and who won ?
what position does vernon davis play ?
which 621 none0 has more than 12 pass attempts ?
the country which is the home of the new zealand house of representatives exports to which other countries ?
wh0 was nominated for the silver bear for best actor award for the role of mason capwell ?
where dp the td banknorth sponsored celtics practice take place ?
what language that belongs to the sacred language family is spoken in iran ?
who is the redd foxx influenced person barack obama looks up to ?
which college attended by barack obama has the smallest number of postgraduates ?
who was the author of richard nixon0 as well as secretary of state when richard nixon was president ?
who morgan freeman2 the producer of what are we made of ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the canchim breed ?
what amsterdam tourist attraction is located in the city/town of kaatsheuvel ?
what movies did rick simpson decorate that madonna appeared in ?
find the person who said `` government does not solve problems , it subsiizes them '' , when whas this person inaugurated ?
what president was sworn into office after a speech about the berlin wall ?
find the politician who spoke about the assassination of martin luther king , jr. , jr , where did this person attend college ?
who was vice president to the person to whom leonard bernstein dedicated his work ?
what school was attended by the author who published editions for `` paula deen celebrates ! `` ?
which chris colfer film was written by terence heuston ?
who was the first leader of the political system that has an official named none2 ?
what political party did the president who appointed the director for multilateral affairs from ?
what drugs were found in the system of the actress who starred in whitney houston : the greatest hits when she passed away ?
which richard nixon vice president ended his/her government position earliest ?
how many of the indiana jones films would be filed under the genre of thriller ?
what languages are spoken where the vice president of nigeria governmental jurisdiction is located ?
which middle school did the author of dreams from my father go to ?
what language spoke in the fictional tortall universe is also spoken in south africa ?
in which major cities are the government of ukraine located ?
how many languages are spoken in the area that houses the federal supreme court of switzerland ?
which of stuart roses movies did actor charlie hunnam have a role ?
in what movies has the actor who portrayed walker , texas ranger : trial by fire7 starred ?
what languages are used in the locations where the newspaper akhbar el-yom is circulated ?
where is the united arab emirates , birthplace of the fictional character ra 's al ghul , located ?
which portuguese-speaking country receives imports from south africa ?
which movie starred madonna and earned her an award nomination for costume design ?
which book , written by tupac , was published last ?
what type of government is used in the country where soviet union ruble was used ?
what is the name of the state tree of alabama in 2008 ?
what country in which mount everest is found produces the beer guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer ?
what native language do people speak in the canchim area ?
who is the person that invented method for node ranking in a linked database and who owns google 2012 ?
what country , that uses the cornish language , did james watt come from ?
where was the author and publisher of the audacity of hope born ?
into what institution from charlotte north carolina was rusty wallace inducted ?
in the place where the fila brazileiro breed originated what is the currency used ?
what are all the movies edited by robert rodriguez that selena gomez starred in ?
does anyone know what year the team that plays in citi field won the pennant ?
who is the athlete with number 22 on his jersey plays on the team in miami metropolitan area ?
who played amy squirrel in the movie that christine smith also played in ?
what is the type of currency i would need to take to the country whose coat of arms is the mexico seal ?
what type of art movements denote the art series of henri matisse0 ?
which politician held the position of governor-general '' -g and was president of the united states during world war ii ?
what is the name of the actress who played elaine on the tv program with the doc martin '' -g theme song ?
the lost symbol is the sequel to which movie directed by ron howard ?
what are the official languages of the country where the federal supreme court of switzerland is ?
which taylor lautner film was crewed by kami asgar ?
what river ( s ) were originally french broad river ?
what killed the actor featured in the movie `` whitney houston : a song for you live '' ?
what movie did madonna appear in that was released in the united states of america ?
what states neighbor the governmental jurisdiction that includes the governmental body called none1 department of agriculture ?
what time zone does kauai with its official symbol of nene fall in ?
what country in the united kingdom government has the scottish government ?
what does nick cannon perform in and which of his tv shows has the smallest number of episodes . ?
what country did harry s. truman speak in during the presidential inauguration in 1949 ?
which coach of the carolina panthers has their roster position as defensive back ?
the public figure of the watergate scandal scandel was marriage to whom ?
in the film that dan blank was a crew member , who played terminator salvation0 ?
what films , directed by rene haynes featured taylor lautner ?
what tourist attraction is located at 92 passeig de gracia in barcelona ?
in the nation where hokkien is one of the spoken languages , what type of government do they run ?
name the trading partner with china that has an iso alpha 3 of ago . ?
find the city the newpaper called `` haaretz '' is printed , what is the dominant religion of the area ?
who was a senator for the state of connecticut in 2010 and was born in willimantic ?
what religion , that has the holy spirit deity , was mary todd lincoln a part of ?
which war had the largest casualties and woodrow wilson was president for ?
where does the author of diary of a wombat live ?
what movie starring omar epps was edited by beat kitano ?
what books written by suzanne collins were cataloged with isbn13 instance is 9780307246110 ?
who was the elected president of philippines who was born in cebu ?
which movies has taylor momsen acted in ?
who did the president that was the subject of an american affair marriage ?
who is the actor that plays lord voldemort and also producer of the film ralph fiennes2 ?
find the producer of 4 my n.i.g.g.a.z , what book did this person write ?
`` women in ministry , part 2 ) was filmed in what two states in the us ?
in what movie do the actors leo howard and bob sapp star ?
in which coming of age movie did taylor momsen appear ?
which amusement park has the stingray racer ride and is in houston , texas ?
what fantasy genre has ron howard directed ?
what currency is used in the country that has as one of its courts , the constitutional court of turkey ?
what state has the official symbol of the spotted bass and what is their state bird ?
who is the person who produced are there more than three dimensions and what university did they graduate from ?
the affected area of the 2000 sri lanka cyclone uses what kind of currency ?
what kind of government system does canada , where emanuel lasker was born in , have ?
what is there to see downtown in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named michael anthony bilandic ?
who produced the film a star is born and marriage judy garland ?
what venetian body of water is under the ponte della libertà ?
what television show episodes are taped in new york city ?
which of ian somerhalder 's tv shows has the shortest episodes ?
who owns the hockey team that dion phaneuf captains ?
which senators were contributors to rules of engagement and represented virginia in 2013 ?
what language , spoken in australia , is also the language of teh fictional universe the tortall universe ?
what movies decorated by lesley beale star taylor lautner ?
which white house office of public liaison associate director political appointee has also held other official political titles ?
what movie featured ashley greene , was based on a stephanie meyer book , and was nominated for an award ?
what was the first film released in which matt dallas appeared ?
which person , born in hermosa , influenced michael jackson ?
what language is spoke in the fictional buffyverse universe and is spoke by most of australia ?
what is the official language of where the state administration of foreign exchange governs ?
which of chicago 's venues has the smallest capacity ?
what is the party of julia gillard and the subject of a speech by ben chifley ?
in what state is auburn university , which holds the official symbol of the monarch butterfly , located ?
who is the quarterback playing for cincinnati bengals credited with the least passing attempts ?
what is the jurisdiction of the court whose judge could have the title of chief justice of the united states ?
what kind of education did the public speaker who spoke about barack obama8 have ?
who was the contributor to the story behind the film `` king ubu '' and was an influence to pablo picasso '' -u 's art ?
what language that has the code xloj in the rosetta project do people speak in australia ?
which language , belonging to the indo-european languages family is spoken by fijian people ?
in which basketball championship competition were the miami heat and the oklahoma city thunder the champions and runners up , respectively ?
herb thomas was admitted in the institution which is located where ?
what languages are spoken where the constitutional court of turkey is located ?
what was the type of person who said `` suspense is worse than disappointment '' ?
what film was produced by fiona finlay and was based off a jane austen book ?
what type of government is in the country that is home to brazil em folhas ?
where does the river end that starts in brower 's spring ?
what organization has owned chrysler group llc corporation since 2011 and has acquired the company officine meccaniche ?
which music producer was influenced when the song sometimes late at night was created ?
which currency is used in the country where the sinhala language is spoken ?
who voiced darth vader and also served in the 5th ranger regiment ?
what money is used in the government jurisdiction whose office holder is ricardo lagos ?
what attractions in panama city beach , florida are located on ne powell lake ?
what type of money is used in the country that the film `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' is set in ?
who held a position in the 5th us congress an served as secretary of state under andrew jackson ?
who is the current chile0 of the governmental jurisdiction where the government has a position called chile0 of chile ?
picture that was filmed in new york city and starred diana ross ?
what country is the organization that acquired hurley international based in ?
the children of the composer of billie jean are named what ?
what is the national sport of the place where the film `` princess protection program '' takes place ?
find the film that has crew member jacqui allen and a character name none0 , who plays none0 ?
what country makes hell brewery : the beer from hell and borders the ukraine ?
what form of government does australia share with austria & hungary ?
what author published work in galileo galilei2 ?
what movie , directed by wayne wang , starred regina hall ?
what is a tv show that was filmed in new york and released in the united states of america ?
where can palestine , which was featured in the crusades through arab eyes , located ?
who played juni in the film crewed by michael suggs ?
what is the location of the airline hub where the film `` bus stop '' occurs ?
which is the country where the greenlandic language is spoken ?
what english language movies has ian somerhalder acted in ?
which twilight saga movies did robert pattinson act in ?
an actor in labor day previously won an oscar for what film ?
what movie is directed by j.j. abrams direct and located in china ?
what time zone is texas , the state that held the houston mayoral election of 2009 ?
if where i 'm from has an official symbol of intsia bijuga , what language would i speak ?
who won the governor 's race in the affected area by hurricane otto ?
the songo mozambique river flows into what ?
where can i stay in the frederick douglass haynes gardens neighborhood ?
what is the government system in the region where the akher saa newspaper is circulated ?
what airport is in the place where the publisher of the book the four fundamental concepts of psychoanalysis born ?
what is the currency used in the area where the berber languages is spoken ?
what are the important holidays of the muhammad in islam in islam founded religion ?
what movie was directed by ron howard and produced by karen kehela ?
who is the president of the country that produces cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer ?
what role did paul mccartney play in paul mccartney2 ?
where does the river that originated in rio grande flow through ?
which senators have as their official symbol `` none4 '' in 2013 ?
which chad michael murray film was released earliest ?
in what time zone is the governmental jurisdiction that has an office holder named rob ford ?
where did the actor pass away , who played in the movie `` fire in the water ? `` ?
who is the actor in `` the revenant '' who also played the character baine in `` batman '' ?
who are the two senators of the illinois house of representatives ?
what show is taped in new york city that is in english ?
what is the exhibition venue that opened earliest in dallas tx ?
what college subjects were studied by the political appointee who had the title chief economist and economic policy adviser ?
which film had maria e. nelson as the casting director that tupac star in ?
what type of government system is used in new zealand ?
where is the united states secretary of the airforce from ?
where was the governor 's political appointee that had the title secretary of state of new york born ?
what other movie edited by jeff betancourt has featured ryan gosling ?
what country that has a top level internet tv domain did queen elizabeth ii rule ?
when did the at & t stadium team win the super bowl ?
which houses of parliament series artist influenced vincent van gogh ?
what tv shows produced by richard p. rubinstein starred shawnee smith ?
what is created by the harlem renaissance and is focused on the ed sullivan show ?
find the litigant from the trial of michael jackson case , what do they like to eat ?
which of the supreme court of the united states judges left a judicial seat after august 10 , 1993 ?
who knows which currency has a coquí symbol on it ?
what is the home town of the artist nominated for an award for dear mama ?
what actress played lois lane in a movie in which james colmer was a member of the crew ?
the public speaker who spoke about education reform received his undergraduate degree from which university ?
what famous person was known for the quote `` learn taciturnity and let that be your motto ! '' and has said to be the one who inspired the author john steinbeck to write ?
who stars in films that michael yallop was a crew member on ?
what administrative division does the united kingdom import from that includes dependencies and territories ?
who is the writer that influenced charles dickens that said `` first thing we do , let 's kill all the lawyers '' ?
what are the key religions in the country that produces pivzavod ao vena nevskoye light beer ?
who owned chrysler group llc in 2011 and has headquarters located in turin ?
who was the public speaker who spoke about stalinsim and was the soviet union leader during world war ii ?
which judges share the bench with supreme court of the united states2 ?
during which world series did the baltimore orioles beat the los angeles dodgers ?
what was beverly hills , 90210 - season 70 's last season on beverly hills , 90210 ?
what schools did the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address attend from elementary through college ?
what sports team plays at estadio nacional and had cristiano ronaldo on their roster in 2010 ?
where is the marlins park sports team arena stadium located ?
what film starred diana ross with anthony perkins ?
in virginia and locations near the venice municipal airport , what time zone do they use ?
who were the music producers on `` sometimes late at night children '' ?
what languages are spoken where the supreme court of austria has jurisidiction ?
which currency should you use in the affected area of the cyclone hondo ?
what was the name of the wife of public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism ?
who authored frankenstein 's parents ?
what television film has iam ian somerhalder played in ?
what movie features song do n't cry for me argentina that madonna appeared in ?
what did the author who published editions of `` poor richard 's almanac '' in 1735 invent ?
which movie starring selena gomez is based on a book by beverly cleary ?
what religions were practiced in the district represented by deval patrick ?
what movies has taylor lautner been in that daniel t. dorrance was the production designer for in 2011 ?
the village sessions ' producer plays which brand of guitar ?
where on the map would you find the place where the currency used is the tunisian franc ?
what country , that has compatible power plugs of type bs 546 , did osama bin laden live in ?
who participated in the israeli , israeli–palestinian conflict and which politician ended tenure after ariel sharon4 . ?
of the writers who influenced charles dickens , which was buried earliest ?
what fim starring chad michael murray that mari liroff was the film casting director . ?
what are 2 inventions are credited to the author who published editions for poor richard 's almanac of 1735 ?
what were the challenges that were faced by the main subject of the film `` the miracle worker '' ?
who played scout finch 's parent in the movie ?
which political party founded the young turks and was the party of abraham lincoln ?
name the continent that was affected by hurricane frank ?
which jane austen books have been made into movies released after 1999-08-24 ?
what government is in place where typhoon yunya hit ?
what hotels are located in the city of san francisco whre the newspaper san francisco call is published ?
who plays a running back and has also dated kim kardashian ?
what currency is used in the area hit by hurricane frank ?
member of the order of st michael and st george who was also elected as philippines president ?
what state with official symbol of fossil that walton indiana located in ?
who was the composer of the circus who inspired michael jackson to become a singer ?
where is the chelsea bridge river 's source located ?
in the area impacted by typhoon yunya , what language do they speak ?
what lake did the river that flows through revelstoke begin at ?
who was sarah hill represented by in the film soul surfer ?
who is the current leader of the governmental jurisdiction where the government has the position chairman of the communist party of china ?
what type of government , which was created when italy unified , is used by dominica ?
what other inventions are credited to the inventor of the thomas edison6 ?
what is the name of the asset that the isthmian canal commission runs through ?
in the country where san miguel pale pilsen beer is made , what type of government do they have ?
who are the gods of the religion whose founding figure is muhammad in islam ?
what timezone was florida in during the 2010 united states senate election ?
what 2011 film was directed by john singleton and featured taylor lautner ?
which country located in the balkans produces bc 's gluten free pilsner beer ?
what school publishes the politic and was james franco 's alma mater ?
witih meles zenawi as a governmental office holder , who is governmental jurisdiction 's prime minister '' -g ?
who knows where a family can stay in the tour triangle ?
of the schools attended by bristol palin , which one has the latest founding date ?
what is the timezone in the area where the newspaper wsuv vancougar is circulated ?
what country that is the subject of the film buddha collapse out of shame does the united kingdom import from ?
which north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) country produces the beer grolsch blonde ?
what types of religions are in the area that uses the argentina none0 currency ?
who is the author of the comedy of errors who influenced charles dickens ?
what is the state with an official trace fossil and a town called glastonbury ?
what actor played alexander luthor and produced the movie fanboys ?
find th city that has a neighborhood called 16th arronissement , where does this area get it 's name ?
in which john singleton film has taylor lautner starred ?
what languages are spoken where austrian black and tan hounds originate from ?
what politician was sworn into office at the time of the author of profiles in courage 's assasination ?
where is the kakadu escarpment located ?
this litigant for the bush v. gore case was also a connecticut senator in 2010. ?
which of the harry potter books was published latest ?
which michael jackson movie has a sequel called men in black 3 ?
what country is the zaza language is spoken ?
in the country where the dog breed thai thailand8 originated from what language do they speak ?
what type of government is used in the birthplace of baldur von schirach and saudi arabia ?
what movie in the yue chinese did madonna appear in ?
which state held the us senate election in 2010 ?
what country has compatible power plugs of type f where arabic language is the official spoken language ?
in which city was the anti-apartheid speaker shot ?
what amusement park in san diego has a ride called manta ?
which indiana jones film had george gibbs as a crew member ?
which supreme court of the united states appeared in the film sex & justice ?
which country which held the legislative session of the 4th australian parliament did queen none1 rule over ?
the company that acquired converse is located in what country ?
who played edward quartermaine on the tv show with a theme song called general hospital ?
who was the litigant in the leary v. united states case that owned chrysler group llc corporation in 2012 ?
what kat dennings movie was filmed in los angeles ?
what school did the actor who played in the movie `` wiz on down the road `` attend ?
what school was nomiated for the favorite television star blimp award ?
list the zip codes used in the areas where the newspaper 760960 is circulated . ?
the academic advisor of roger cotes theory is what ?
what languages are spoken in the jurisdiction where tzipi livni holds office ?
what system of government is used in the areas affected by cyclone typoon whang ?
which football player with touch down statistics greater than 3 dated kim kardashian ?
where is the image on the washington redskins helmet in the nfl from ?
who became president after the person whom leonard bernstein dedicated his work to died ?
who executively produced geri 's game and also began the company pixar ?
what movies did the music producer who produced strictly 4 my n.i.g.g.a.z ... star in ?
what song , written by john irving , is about an orphanage ?
what city is home to carlos santana and also to the fictional character chloe king ?
what movie featured taylor lautner and was filemd in kalama ?
what was influenced by piero della francesca and inspired michelangelo ?
where did the director for multi-lateral affairs attend school ?
what was the location of death for the person who stated , `` the genius of einstein leads to hiroshima ? `` ?
what types of art does the visual artist that created the series houses of parliament series create ?
what is the official currency of the area where the newspaper al bayane is circulated ?
what is the type of government of both the mali empire and the bahamas government . ?
what is the what isname of the birthplace of rihanna which is also the administrative division of barbados ?
what school did douglas macarthur , the author of `` history of military art '' attend ?
where is the river that flows through poughkeepsie ?
what universal studios movie did charlie hunnam star in ?
what president was influenced by eleanor roosevelt and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
where did the author who published editions for coat of many colors grow-up ?
where is the bb & t center located ?
where was the location of the position of reich governor ?
what is it that the harlem renaissance create that also relates to yo-yo ma ?
what movie was written by nicholas sparks and featured liam hemsworth ?
what is the form of money most commonly accepted in the country where brahma bock beer is produced ?
what did regina hall play in with the film casting director jeanne mccarthy ?
in what arabic language-speaking country do they have power plug type c compatible power plugs ?
who did baron de montesquie influence in the united states 1st united states congress ?
who was the first wife of the person who composed the the play billy elliot for the theatre ?
what movie was directed by j.j. abrams that also had fainche maccarthy as the set decorator ?
the timezone for the state where the united states senate election in 2010 was held . ?
what is the name of taylor lautner 's latest movie ?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through revelstoke ?
what parent company of visteon did henry ford motor company work for ?
what currency should you bring to the governmental jurisdiction that includes the position prime minister of turkey ?
what country does new zealand exports to has tv as its internet 's domain mane ?
which pantheismic person influenced frank lloyd wright ?
who is the president of the location where canchim was created ?
who was both the actor who played luke skywalker , and the author of the film none0 ?
frida kahlo lives in a place where the goverment has a federal district , where is this place ?
what three languages are the official ones where artois peetermans beer is produced ?
what building do teams from sunrise play ?
what other writers influenced charles dickens also had worked as a statesman '' -g ?
the tv series had cinematographty doen by edward pei and was shot in new york ?
which movie directed by ron howard was released in ontario ?
who was the artist nominated for an award for you drive me crazy , and is he britney spears0 ?
what are the significant religions honed in the place that has the accompanying courts supreme court of israel ?
who coached the topic of the image minnesota vikings.jpg ?
what movie featured nick cannon and was filmed in nick cannon2thin styule ?
what other movies has jennifer lawrence been in that used visual effects ?
what were the names of the children of the author of antony and cleopatra ?
what continent did the breed samoyed originate from ?
find the person who played guitarist in wedding band , what band is he part of ?
one of the two houses of congress , name the one that employs wendell anderson ?
what is the local language of israel whose main speaking country is comoros ?
who does the voice of bertram griffin 's parent ?
what corporations are owned by the producer of sometimes late at night ?
who wrote the play mr. president and what was his profession ?
which languages are spoken by the yankton sioux tribe ?
what languages are spoken where the government of costa rica is in power ?
where in the quarterback position in florida was a football player born ?
which music producer has worked with p ! nk and also produced the animals ' first album ?
muhammad in islam is the founder of the islam faith , what are the holidays of this faith ?
what austin sports team did tom landry play for ?
who knows what types of art leonardo da vinci created ?
find the area where the brazilian currency of brazilian cruzado is used , what time zone is it in ?
where did the actor who played angel o'hara die ?
ruritania is the largest land area in what country ?
which language that belongs to west germanic languages family do australians speak ?
from what county is the person who said `` few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder '' originally ?
achievements gained by the producer of are there more than three dimensions . ?
which music producer that produced i need help ( i ca n't do it alone ) also inspired michael jackson to become a singer ?
what ethnicity is the actor who portrayed a character named petty officer cora `` weps '' raikes ?
which adolf hitler-led organization had an office holder named baldur von schirach ?
what tv show is produced by mitchell galin , and taped in new york city ?
what person born in siegen influenced the work of vincent van gogh ?
what type of government is in the country shown in `` la hora de la siesta '' ?
which religions are dominant in the area whose government official is yury chaika ?
who was elected president of the affected area of the cyclone joseph estrada8 ?
what `` engineered language '' is spoken in australia ?
what movie nominated for the axium producers award was ryan gosling in ?
what are the major religions in the country with the coat-of-arms of russia ?
what taylor momsen movie was directed by gus van sant ?
what is the capital of the place that serves as the setting of the movie `` from dust ? `` ?
in what australian state was the movie the squatter 's daughter set ?
what kind of money does the place where the government of costa rica is located ?
what country , which exports to greece , is located in the balkans ?
what language belonging to the eastern berber languages language family was spoken in egypt ?
which president , known for the quote `` we grow great by dreams . all big men are dreamers . '' started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
who played the character clary in a film for which chris aslin was a crew member ?
in what country is a location having an official symbol of northern pike located ?
what is the capital of the state that held the 2010 south carolina gubernatorial election ?
what products are produced by the organization that acquired chevrolet motor company ?
the cincinnati city council in ohio is a part of which time zone ?
what actor played juni in a movie in which taylor james brandt appeared ?
what awards does the actor that played louis sachar6 won ?
what are the two major christian religions in canada ?
what show shot in new york was nominated for the `` prime minister '' award ?
in which year of world series did the new york yankees win where the results were 4-2 ?
what is the timezone for the 2009 houston mayoral election ?
what body of water does the river under arlington bridge flow into ?
who was the vice president when the members of the president 's advisory council on financial literacy were appointed ?
what canadian province with a city named québec did the iroquois indians come from ?
of the films starring taylor lautner , which film was released earliest ?
what movie is in italian and stars quentin tarantino ?
what did the politician who held the government position under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness study in school ?
none0 's academic advisor attended which schools ?
what type of money is used in the place where the movie `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' takes place ?
find the area affected by hurricane jose , who won the governorship there ?
who is the president of the country where breed dogo cubano originated in in 2009 ?
what county was the subject of the movie geaorge washington 's first war : the battles for fort duquesne start in ?
what are the names of michael jackson 's kids ?
what film that tami lane worked as a crew member of was robert pattinson in ?
which school dd the author of antony and cleopatra attend ?
what movie used prouction designer ethan tobman and featured liam hemsworth ?
what school did the sometimes late at night music producer attend ?
what are the popular tourist attractions in the kinnoull scotland neighborhood ?
which famous building , that holds the rank as the world 's tallest building is located in emirates hills ?
what party based on nazism that led by adolf hitler ?
what is the currency of the cyclone tropical depression two-e area ?
what did the artist nominated for holy smoke ! received an oscar award for ?
what language is spoken by people where the government of pakistan is located ?
what languages are spoken by the people of the country with a unicorn as its official symbol ?
what important office was held by the public speaker who spoke on none0 ?
the producer of joe satriani2 also played in which bands ?
what is the political system where the zhivoye dyelo newspaper is located ?
who is does the view over for the character stewie griffin on the tv program family guy ?
what facility where hertha bsc play that albert speer designed ?
which tv shows featuring jill wagner have fewer than 74 episodes ?
what university did martin luther king , jr. attend that has the largest number of undergraduates ?
what art style did the creator of the art series henri matisse0 work in ?
which actor who appeared in kraken : tentacles of the deep is dating lea michele in real life ?
which louisiana state senator ended their judicial tenure after 12-19-1910 ?
what year did the new york yankees win the championship with a score of 4-0 ?
which language with the rosetta project code of xloj is spoken in australia ?
what currency is used in the country with newspaper haama daily ?
what type of government is in place in the area that has an office holder named václav klaus ?
which movie , filmed in branson , features jennifer lawrence ?
who is the actor in the hunger games who plays josh hutchersonm0 ?
who are the appointed judges in the supreme court with the judicial tenure title associate justice of the supreme court of the united states ?
what fun tourist attraction in philadelphia is located at the corners of 17th st. and montgomery ave ?
which country hit by cyclone eliane has the largest area ?
in paul mccartney2 , what part did the producer of off the ground play ?
of the universities attended by sanjay gupta , which has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
the organization that acquired the company quest software was invented by who ?
what is the amusement park in san diego california that opened after 1925-07-04 ?
where in the west midlands was the tight end position football player born ?
who played football and served as richard nixon vice president ?
what basic beliefs does the religion that sikhism2 founded have ?
which of the movies starring michael jackson was released earliest ?
which members of the toronto maple leafs play left wing on the roster ?
what time zone is the neighborhood crows nest located in ?
which television program with episode running time of 92 that is based on jane austen 's books ?
what language is spoken where brazillian brazilian cruzado is used as currency ?
what language do they speak in second level division eisenstadt ?
of the two senators from utah , who is the latest politician to end his/her government position ?
what language is spoken where the government of egypt is located ?
what country uses the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo as its currency now ?
what television show is shot in new york ?
which country was previously known as czech republicslovakia where the czech language is an official language ?
the water under the pierre laporte bridge flows into what body of water ?
what school has been attended by both james franco and lena kaligaras ?
where did the president who norman mailer dedicated his work to originate ?
what location was the subject of the film , `` the last supper '' in which the saint peter was killed ?
angelina jolie directed and gabriele binder designed the costumes for which film ?
taylor lautner was in what movie that was written by frank bunker gilbreth ?
what jennifer lawrence movie is about bipolar disorder ?
what countries fell under the rule of the solomon islands ?
which timezone currently contains both nevada and locations near the san francisco international airport ?
who played bilbo in the movie that frank cowlrick worked as a crew member for ?
find the producer of the don killuminati : the 7 day theory , what books did this producer write ?
what does the river under the swanport bridge flow into ?
is there another language that the courts federal supreme court of switzerland speak ? if so what is it ?
what years did the new york yankees win the world series championship with the chicago cubs as runner-up ?
which robert zemeckis production does chad michael murray play in ?
what states share a border with the state whose official symbol is sport fish ?
what other contributions did the person who invented the thomas edison6 also make to the world ?
what are some hotels in the birthplace of jacques lacan , the subject of the film , jacques lacan , la psychanalyse rã©inventã©e ?
which national union party member served as lincoln 's vice-president ?
what continent houses the country where greek drachma is used ?
in what timezone is the lundagard newspaper circulated ?
what tv series with with the multipart episodes kill ari did mark harmon star in ?
what is the location where the publisher of the book a defense of ardor was born and uefa euro 2012 was held ?
what is the time zone that has the colorado springs skyline ?
what is the capital of the country that the character tutankhamun lived ?
which state is the home of harvard university ?
what is the name of the movie starring robert pattinson whose trailer can be seen at http : //www.magpictures.com/belami/ ?
what language family does english derive from that also connects to the aragonese language group ?
what office is held by both john boehner and someone of hawaiian decent ?
which louisiana state senator has held a position in the 4th u. s. congress ?
where can you find both a branch of the united states senate and the nascar hall of fame ?
if i were to visit a country who 's main language is jamaican english , what type of currency should i take with me ?
can you tell me the currency that is used by the government of egypt ?
who played in none0 and is 2012 baltimore ravens quarterback ?
what type of currency is used for the location in which the dogo cubano originated ?
what language do people speak in brazil that is also the official language of the heroes in hell universe ?
what movies starring robert pattinson were prequels to harry potter and the goblet of fire ?
what kind of currency should you take to the place where the central anatolian shepherd dog originated ?
which amusement park that can be visited in orlando , florida opened earliest ?
of the places to see in downtown asheville , nc , which was established first ?
what is the government system in brazil ?
what countries and seas neighboring ukraine have an iso numeric lower than 498 ?
what is the name of cher 's guitarist '' -g son ?
what country is home to both sherrod brown and richland county ?
which rules of engagement producer also held a senate seat in virginia in 2013 ?
what was the title of latest movie released that starred jenna dewan ?
who influenced the visual artist who created the art series of hospitals in arles ?
which star was the nominee of the blimp award for favorite movie star engaged to ?
what montpelier , vt attraction is located in the citytown st. johnsbury ?
what is the name of tia mowry mowry 's parent that works as a custody officer ?
what other movies did that actor that starred in none6 play a role in ?
who plays charlie in the film with the santa clause movies soundtrack ?
who was born in tatoooine and who plays the character ?
what animation has mario lopez been in ?
there is a river flowing uner dona ana bridge , where does it drain into ?
what country trades with south africa and has a politician in office named morgan tsvangirai ?
what battle in the genre of speculative fiction did stonewall jackson fight in ?
what tv programs are kellie martin in that have a run time more than 45 ?
what book was written by the author who published the prince ?
where can people stay in the domicile of the fictional character mr. wong ?
what superbowl was won by the team that calls m & t stadium home ?
out of the writers who influenced charles dickens , who lived longer than the others ?
what religon was practiced by mary todd lincoln and had paul the apostle as one of their founding figures ?
what killed the producer of whitney : the greatest hits ?
who is the person john f. kennedy0 to the president who spoke about anti apartheid ?
where did the barack obama0 go to school ?
which movie with cinematography by dick pope starred zac efron ?
where is the author of when william came from ?
what country 's arabsic speaking ethnic group shares the same culture as the sri lankan moors ?
what city did the author of `` the wonderful wizard of oz '' die in ?
which baron de montesquie influenced political appointer held the title united states ambassador to the united kingdom ?
what major landforms are located in the country with sinai peninsula8 ?
what country can you find a river flowing through swan hill ?
who were the parents of the subject of the movie `` les amours de la reine ãlisabeth ? `` ?
who is sir james dyson who also starred in the film job of bernard gruver ?
what are the main sports team in the country that is the setting of the film new zealand women 's national rugby union team2 : the water giant ?
what language is spoken in the country that has government official named steven agnew ?
what form of money is used in the nation that has a legislation of the 3rd new zealand parliament ?
what movie featured taylor lautner and was edited by christopher greenbury ?
what thriller movies did j.j. abrams direct ?
who is engaged to the person who wrote the lyrics for : i learned from you '' ?
what new york sports team once had deion sanders on their roster ?
what language is spoken in the country with governmental official named jã³hanna sigurã°ardã³ttir ?
what are the residences of the president who talked about barack obama8 ?
what city in alabama is located in lee county and is home of auburn university ?
in what time zone locale was the `` catching trouble '' film shot ?
which author wrote the movie `` flesh '' and inspired john steinbeck to start writing ?
who was richard nixon0 when a former richard nixon6 was president ?
what sports club did peter crouch played in that has outside forward position on its team roster ?
which movie featured chris farley in it and george s. clinton on the soundtrack ?
who knows what the country 's political system is that has south africa 's coat of arms ?
is u'brazilian real ' the name of the money in the place nova roma is ?
which country was led by the person who held the title none0 ?
what is the currency of the area where the `` reference news '' circulated ?
what else did the author of john irving0 write ?
in what arena did the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament take place , which is located in the city of atlanta ?
what commonly english speaking location is the site of the head office of hsbc bank ?
where was the roman colosseum , which featured in the work quo vadis ?
what tourist attractions are located where the daily cougar is circulated ?
who influenced michael jackson and was buried in the forest lawn memorial park ?
what providence is home to the fictional place called regenesis ?
where is the governmental jurisdiction under the president of the european parliament 's headquarters located ?
where did the comptroller general of the united states , also known as the political appointer , graduate from university ?
who knows which government used the brazilian brazilian cruzado ?
which coming of age movie was charlie hunman in ?
what movie features a character named jacob black ?
which jfk family member was elected to the 107th united states congress ?
what city that has fc sports team gelsenkirchen 04 ?
what is the birthplace of the actor who played in the film `` elvis costello live : a case for song '' ?
which united kingdom countries use the pound sterling ?
what is the name of the actor who played in the movie `` the 7 habits of highly effective people ? `` ?
what sports are mainly played at the place where the film `` new zealand women 's national rugby union team0 '' takes place ?
what language family does the language used in fictional universe view askewniverse belong to ?
in what country is the newspaper egunkaria is circulated ?
what genre is the latest shane b. cook movie ?
what is the official currency where the second level division comendador , elías piña , elia pina is ?
what form of government can be found in both the kinddom of prussia as well as canada ?
which movie written by matthew chapman starred charlie hunnam ?
from which state does the political appointer that had the title associate director , white house office of public liaison represent in the senate ?
in the film where none0 was part of the crew , who did james franco play ?
which of henry vii of england 's children are buried in westminster abbey ?
in what location , with a currency of the united states dollar , was the siege of vicksburg fought ?
what is the time zone of the location where the okc skyline is imaged ?
what school did the topic of the image janegoodalloct 10 attend ?
what currency is used in the country where hungarian sign language is spoken ?
who ran against george w. bush in his second term and held position in the 108th united states congress ?
where is the yukon review circulated ?
what is the local language of the country that has the israeli ministry of defense ?
what is the type of government shared by canada and the kingdom of prussia ?
in what place was fictional character shannon hamilton born and is also where howard university is located . ?
what government is used where the south african pound is the main currency ?
what is the capital in the area that is home to the government of alaska ?
which pink floyd singer was also an atheist ?
where was the home of the person who tennessee williams6 dedicated their work to ?
where has the president who published barack obama6 lived ?
what languages are spoken by the people in the location where the film `` starting over '' happens ?
which painters influenced vincent van gogh ?
what language do most people speak in the country that has power outlets compatible with plugs of type bs 546 ?
what state , that has a united states dollar currency , did tennessee williams live in ?
which zac efron movie was produced by dolby laboratories ?
list the movies taylor lautner has appeared in that were released in none4 ?
which nick cannon film was released in united states of americaa ?
who is on the current roster for the boston celtics that was born in aberdeen ?
for what did deion sanders 2011 play baseball ?
which peer of dankmar adler influenced frank lloyd wright ?
what is the birth place state of the fictional character whizzer that was also home to tennessee williams ?
in the area where the araucana breed originated , what type of currency do they use ?
what area is the chinese sharp news circulated in ?
what languages are spoken in the country where jamaican english is spoken ?
which art movement does the visual artist who created the art series of butterflies belong to ?
who is senator of the state with an official symbol of united states senator '' -g6 ?
what are the major landforms in the country where sinai peninsula4 is spoken ?
what did the public speaker advocating for education reform major in ?
at the time of his death , where was the person who said `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding . `` ?
what did the person who wrote william shakespeare2 do for a living ?
when did the cleveland indians go to the world series and when did the cleveland indians win the runner up spot ?
what language is used in the country where argentina peso is used ?
what actor was featured as the voice of pamela darrow 's dad in a movie starring her ?
what war fell under george washington 's presidency and included military commander john burgoyne ?
what persian language speaking country that was involved in military conflict of iran-iraq war ?
what is the language spoken by australians with the rosetta project code xloj ?
what five floor building was the spot where kennedy 's inaugural address took place ?
which team is rasheed wallace on that has the area stadium of the moda center ?
which amusement park that charlotte , north carolina is known for opened earliest ?
what is the captial of the us states which is known for bluegrass and has a symbol of a brachiopod ?
what is the name of the artist who painted the houses of parliament series and inspired the work of van vincent van gogh ?
who is the driver that is currently sponsored by miller lite ?
which orlando destinations are owned by merlin entertainments ?
who is the none0 of the place where the movie `` none2 '' takes place ?
which chicago sports team did manny ramirez play for ?
which college did michael jordan attend , yet boasts the smallest number of post graduates ?
provide the name of the current none0lican senator from illinois . ?
what is the capital of the location that includes the second level division salcedo ?
in the film `` a force called favor , '' adolf hitler followed what religion ?
who are the senators from the state with the official symbol liberty and prosperity now ?
who is the person who was buried in lexington cemetery that influenced abraham lincoln to become the president ?
which politician , who was appointed by naoto kan , was the japanese prime minister '' -g in 2012 ?
which battle during george washington 's time had the largest force size ?
who is the none2 of new zealand where sign language is now spoken ?
who won the governor election in the legislative session of the 16th cabinet of puerto rico ?
of all the teams steve nash has played for , which is the newest ?
what is amelia earhart know for being which is also a hobby of rodrigo damazio bovendorp ?
where is the location that the show west wing takes place and was the location of kennedy 's inaugural address ?
what influenced the person who dedicated their work to the abraham lincoln0 to become president ?
what is the capital city of the us state that hosted the film `` the conspirator '' movie shoot ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that kami asgar was a crew member of ?
which country is home to nova roma and has italian as a language ?
which senators from utah held a position in the 107th united states congress ?
who was the other nominee when bill clinton ran for president for his first term ?
in what movies produced by jungo maruta has taylor lautner acted ?
what country did francis drake represent when fighting in the battle of falkirk and exploring he new world ?
who wore the darth vader suit in the movie that rebecca jackson mendoza starred in ?
what city is the home of the show minority report and howard university ?
what do people speak in the country that has a governmental office holder named s. r. nathan ?
constantine the great was influenced by which god , and also believed in by catholic people ?
what is the religion in the country in which the saek language is spoken ?
who among albert einstein 's influences was himself influenced by girard desargues ?
in the film aida , what type of music is tchaikovsy 's compostion ?
who is julie roberts ' husband that starred in the film walk hard : the dewey cox story : the dewey cox story . ?
which vice president served the person that taft dedicated his work ?
which countries holds the governmental jurisdiction border of armenia4 . ?
who was vice president after the speaker who spoke about the berlin wall died ?
what type of government does canada , and the birthplace of emanuel lasker have ?
what language is spoke in both kenosha and ghana ?
what other films in the hunger games series did jennifer lawrence appear in ?
which of henry viii of england 's three children died from cancer ?
when the orator who spoke of egalitarianism was president , who served as his vice-president ?
where will uefa euro 2012 be and is it the same place that the publisher of the book without end was born ?
in the movie spider-man 3 , which actress plays mary jane ?
what currency is accepted in the country with kallang as on of its neighborhood ?
what lesser antilles location is the home of rihanna ?
what is the name of the currency used in the netherlands and åland islands ?
what language , primarily spoken in germany , is spoken in the czech republic ?
which movies does chris farley appear in which barbara cohen was the casting director ?
what is the capital of the state where the 2010 alaska united states senate election was held ?
what language is spoken by most people who use abasi as currency ?
what place contains both great britain and borduria ?
what city did the person who spoke in the `` march on washington for jobs and freedom '' get shot in ?
who was the none0 in 1996 whose official symbol was the three-toed box turtle . ?
which branch of government did hugh a. haralson hold office in ?
hurricane frank hit a country operating under what form of government ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the legislative session of the 16th cabinet of puerto rico was held ?
what currency is accepted in gebel elba ?
what timezone is the city that circulates the nevada sagebrush located ?
what film , released in turkey , featured taylor momsen ?
where was the producer of sometimes late at night born ?
what former basketball player coached the minnesota vikings ?
where was the home of heretic , a character in the film martin luther ?
in the multipart episodes goodbye , toby , who plays dwight ?
what languages are spoken in the jurisdiction where joão goulart holds office ?
what is the currency in the country that harbin beer is made in ?
who won the none0 election in the place that has governmental body named puerto rico cabinet ?
who knows the style of the artist behind las meninas ?
which educational institution was both barack obama 's alma mater and the home of the herbert irving comprehensive cancer center ?
what movie featured the song i love to see you smile and was directed by ron howard ?
where was the producer of strictly 4 my n.i.g.g.a.z . born ?
what religion founded by abraham joshua heschel by does madonna practice ?
which sports team that plays in new york city did deion sanders play for ?
what organization was led by the person who said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think. '' ? lead ?
who is the current ruler of denmark '' -u that served in the socialist people 's party ?
what movies star robert pattinson and were released in united states of america ?
what country uses the coat of arms of russian language ?
what type of government did japan have in the kingdom of prussia ?
what are the names of the children of william shakespeare who are buried in the church of the holy trinity , stratford-upon-avon ?
which governor with the symbol of qui transtulit sustinet won the election in 2010 ?
find the actor that played alex russo , what city was this actor born in ?
what school , headquartered in new york city , did president barack obama attend ?
what is the name of the one time fiance of the actor who played baron papanoida ?
where was the composer of i am your leader born ?
what type of art is the visual artist that created the blue nudes art series famous for ?
what is the capital of the place known for bluegrass where the official symbol is the spotted bass ?
which city was jason hill born in and carlos santana lives in ?
where in the near east is the nation of palestine ?
what time zone is the area affected by hurricane iwa ?
what language is spoken in the location of the federal government of belgium ?
which individuals have been elected to president of the country where san miguel ( philippines ) cervesa negra beer is produced ?
what war , with military commander edward braddock , did george washington help win ?
which movie was filmed in new york city and starred chris farley ?
what war included stonewall jackson and jackson 's valley campaign ?
what different sports does the asian college of science and technology main campus have ?
which sport team had ronaldinho as a player in 2013 whose home is also the maracuna stadium ?
what was the sequel movie nick cannon was in that followed ca n't buy me love ?
which degrees are held by the public speaker whose main topic is education reform ?
what movies distributed on the major league ii6 medium starred omar epps ?
what time zone is used in the location where the movie `` bus stop '' takes place ?
the author that published barack obama6 editions attend what school ?
what vampire movie has taylor lautner in it ?
what other countries united states of americae the language of the fictional universe view askewniverse ?
what northeastern united states states use the united states dollar ?
what sort of cash do i require in the area where the film `` the carbon collective '' happens ?
who is the husband of the award nominated artist for `` she 's not just a pretty face '' ?
in what country is persian language the native language and has the smallest gdp deflator change of rate ?
what years did 1953 world series6 sports team win the championships ?
who was the longest living vice president under lincoln ?
what is the language spoken in brazil 's wikipedia whose primary speaking country is portugal ?
which war during woodrow wilson 's presidency had at least 885138 casualties ?
who was nominated for the independent spirit award for best female lead was a spouse of tom cruise ?
who said the quote `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' ?
what is the home town of charlton heston and birth place of john sciarra ?
what school with fewer than 6454 undergraduate students did robert f. kennedy attend ?
what soccer team owned by stan kroenke played thierry henry ?
which of the sports team for which lionel messi has played was founded first ?
what university did the person elected as none0 attend ?
what is the cause of death to the actor that starred in the film `` street fury envy '' ?
what sports team , that doug williams played for , can also claim to be the first founded ?
who starred as suzanne hightower dad 's voice in a film starring her ?
what conflict involving hessians took place during george washington 's presidency ?
what liam hemsworth film featured ethan tobman as production designer ?
in what battle involving more than 224 troops was george washington president ?
in the country that contains sudan0 , what is the primary language spoken ?
in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position mayor of houston , texas , what tourist attractions are there ?
according to wikipedia what language do the icelandic people speak ?
red stripe beer is from this country . what is the name of that countries currency ?
what tv show was filmed in new york city and had the largest number of viewers ?
which turkish speaking country is located in the balkans ?
who was roger cotes academic advisor and what college did he attend ?
where does the river that flows through vancouver begin ?
what is the school that was attended by the subject of the movie `` barack obama anak menteng '' ?
where did the upper canada rebellion take place that now houses the seneca people ?
in which country is basque the spoken language , and the government has a position titled member of congress ?
what body of water flows under hermann bridge ?
how many languages and what are the names of the major languages spoken in the country that speaks cebuano ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the federal government of iraq is located ?
who was the voice in the movie that lulu ebeling played in ?
what countries were ruled by both queen victoria and king none6 ?
where did the actor that played tommy emmanuel : live at her majesty 's theatre from ?
which politician was a baron de montesquie and also acted as secretary of state ?
which member of the boston celtics current roster holds the position of power forward ?
who is both a tenured supreme court of the united states and senator of louisiana ?
which of the nine 2011 supreme court of the united statess ended their judicial tenure first ?
what film starred kat dennings and was produced by regency enterprises ?
what movie was written by wes craven and has ian somerhalder as an actor ?
what language is spoken in the place where people read the reference news ?
which war included the french revolutionary wars and was presided over by george washington ?
what currency do they use in the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken ?
which schools were attended by the speaker of the 2012 state of the union address ?
what movie with a sequel named harry potter and the order of the phoenix that robert pattinson starred in ?
what kind of money is used where filipino languages are used ?
what language belonging to the constructed language family do people speak in australia ?
which university attended by chris cuomo has the largest number of postgraduates ?
what movie starring zac efron that was produced by chapman/leonard studio equipment ?
what languages is spoken where elio di rupo is a government official ?
which actor played lois in a film with man of steel0 on the crew ?
who played in butterfield 8 and is richard burton 's wife ?
what other language is spoken where haitian creole is spoken ?
what team plays in new york and has rasheed wallace on its roster ?
find the location of samsun province , what currency is used there ?
what is the jurisdiction of the court that presides in the united states supreme court building ?
where should i go today in the area where the newspaper voir circulates ?
what were the names of the children in `` william shakespeare in love '' ?
what is the school that robert frost attended which has an organization headquarters located in the city of cambridge ?
what term could be used to describe both italian people and poles ?
who is the kicker for the team that plays in the georgia dome ?
what language is spoken where the the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
was carl philipp emanuel bach born in weimar , and was he an influence on wolfgang amadeus mozart ?
which country has a nominal gdp currency of usd and trades with portugal ?
in what country is the body of water that runs under old london bridge located ?
what general for the british in the american revolutionary war died from fever ?
which liam hemsworth film had nelson coates as its production designer ?
who rote the jana gana mana and the music for the mahabharata ?
where was the litigant in michael jackson 's trial from ?
what years has the sports team that plays in pittsburgh steelers0 won the super bowl ?
what for of currency is used in the country that has the constitutional court of turkey as part of theor government ?
what is level of government of the court where samuel chase serves as a judge ?
where does the president who authored dreams from my father live ?
which philippines president 's hometown is tondo ?
what three tv programs did shawnee smith star in that have less that 12shawnee smith0 episodes ?
ron howard directed what movie that was released in united states of americaa ?
who is the name of the tecumseh brother who died in kansas ?
what was the earliest movie robert pattinson starred in ?
which teams has steve nash played for that has a forward-center position ?
what husband of josé ferrer1 also wrote oh captian ! ?
when did the hockey team captained by dion phaneuf last win the stanley cup ?
mexico is the country in north america '' -u continent and is the location of film y tu mamá también mamã¡ tambiã©n . ?
the legal entanglement celebrities in new york are from where ?
what is the party that the person whom the none4 dedicated their work belonged to ?
which suzanne collins book bears the isbn 0439435374 ?
which party , which is also the parent company of young turks , did lincoln belong to ? answer : republican party ?
what is the religion associated with the governmental body called knesset ?
where did the author of maniac magee spend her formative years ?
which writer that was a peer of thomas de quincey influenced charles dickens ?
what movie did marlee matlan win an award for in 2007 ?
what year was the world series that featured the new york yankees as the winners and chicago cubs as the runners up ?
what is the governmental structure of the country containing the city of nova roma ?
what is the main religion in the country that samoyed breeds originate from ?
what was the year that the event ended earliest and the baltimore ravens won the superbowl ?
what are two items invented by the politician that was appointed by the benjamin franklin0 ?
which movies did the person who said `` none3 '' none9 in ?
who was prime minister of canada in 1993 and was buried in lakeview cemetery ?
what time zone is the greater roadrunner that has an official symbol currently in ?
who won the attorney general position in the state senate election in utah 2010 ?
what was produced by daniel myrick that ashley greene has been in ?
name the actor that plays mario on the show that uses way down in the hole as it 's theme song . ?
of the tv shows produced by henry winkler , which one has the most episodes ?
what political system governs the country where the talysh language is spoken ?
the author of the quote , `` i see heaven 's glories shine and faith shines equal.. '' died of what disease ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the federak government of brazil is located ?
who was the coach of the baltimore ravens who was also mayor ?
which language , spoken in the fantasy universe `` the tortall universe '' , is also spoken in singapore ?
what government style is used in the counry where people mainly speak brazilian portuguese ?
what country with a county named fulton county does allen iverson live in ?
what state has the official symbol of a wild turkey and is home to the auburn university ?
what country has arabic language and berber as official languages ?
what person wrote jana gana mana and said `` we live in the world when we love it . `` ?
which tv show shot in new york has the fewest number of seasons ?
the coat of arms of the isle of man rules over which countries ?
which city is the one with the nfl sports team that has the stadium fedexfield ?
where is the administrative division in the ukraine that hosted uefa euro 2012 ?
when the political appointer held the title of richard nixon6 was president , who was then the richard nixon0 ?
who said `` william shatner6 '' and played kirk ?
which job do tim gunn and pam huckaby hold ?
what type of money does the jurisdiction that has the governmental body of state administration of foreign exchange ?
who is the idols of the director for multilateral affairs ?
what movie , directed by priscilla elliott , featured matt boomer ?
who knows what other movies the actor that played dr. ron young was in ?
how many australian states and territories have governmental jurisdiction as adapted on nov. 9 , 1960 ?
what constructed , or engineered , language do australians speak ?
who is credited as the inspiration for the producer of michael jackson0 ?
what political party is the current under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness affiliated with ?
what state is the home of jerry porter and the location of mount st. helens ?
which robert pattinson film 's sequel was `` harry potter and the order of the phoenix '' ?
what was featured in krakota : the day the world exploded and is also what mount st. helens is ?
can anyone tell me the types of jobs held by the benjamin franklin2 of `` librarian '' -g0 '' ?
find the country affected by hurricane frank , what is the name of the currency used there ?
which french language film stars kat dennings ?
who wrote the script for the film treasure island and also influenced arthur conan doyle ?
district representive joe clark represents which capital city ?
the owner of the ship , none0 , lives where ?
where was the author of antony and cleopatra born ?
what types of art were used for the series henri matisse2 ?
what ocean does mwinilunga river flow into ?
which state is new england in and represented by deval patrick ?
the location of nova roma has what type of government ?
which person died in paris who also happened to influence vincent van gogh ?
what political party did the speaker of the 1801 presidential inauguration belong to ?
what language , which is the current most spoken language in comoros , is the one that egyptians used to speak ?
is the language spoken in guam the same as that found in the fictional universe the tortall universe ?
which films did romek delmata work on as a crew member ?
find image1990 , desert storm . who is this about and where did they serve time in prison ?
what writer influenced charles dickens and passed away from tuberculosis ?
what actor played in both the trial of michael jackson and the wiz ?
what time zone is governmental office holder steve bach located in ?
what is the currancy used in the area where jamaican english is the dominant language ?
the cuban missile crisis and the production of the beer tinima superior are located where ?
who manages the sports team who plays in busch stadium ?
find the country that is home to a newspaper called none0 , what countries does this place border ?
what sports teams did manny ramirez play for that plays in st. petersburg ?
what is the official language in the country where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used ?
who marriage judy garland and wrote the music for operation pettcoat ?
what country speaks basque and is the birth place of the fictional character fleur delacour ?
what language is spoken in the area where the egyptian government is locate ?
what schools were attended by the artist nominated for awards for `` university of cambridge3 '' ?
what college did the public speaker who spoke about education reform graduate from ?
which country has the nova roma and also where people speak italian ?
what did the character in the movie that has a fictional town forks as its setting named her baby ?
what type of government is used in both kingdom of prussia and canada ?
who was inspired by alesso baldovinetti and who also inspired michelangelo ?
what does the character from gone too soon like to eat ?
which books written by suzanne collins were published after suzanne collins0 ?
who is the current none8 of the country of the the 3rd new zealand parliament ?
who is the 2013 virginia senator who is presbyterianismterian ?
what middles school did the director for multilateral affairs attend ?
in what english language work has ian somerhalder played ?
who are the state representative candidates for whom the 2010 united states senate election in colorado ?
are italian people and germans from the same ethnicity group , and if not , then what do we categorize italian people as ?
the star of joe satriani : surfing with the alien is in which band ?
who won the presidential race in venezuela and was previously vice president ?
what district is represented by joe clark and houses the seneca people ?
which team did tyson chandler play for that also has a forward-center on its roster ?
what are the drugs that charlie sheen2 has done ?
what continent is great britain and borduria located in ?
who is the spouse of the subject of the movie , `` story of jacob and joseph '' ?
what high school whose headquarters are located in the citytown of agoura hills did clay matthews attend ?
what major religion in russia that believes the deities is god ?
has kim kardashian dated football players and who is that player that has the smallest touchdown statistics ?
is the administrative division of howard division in the united states of america and where would it be located ?
what regina hall movie has a sequel named scary movie 3 ?
the art series henri matisse2 was created by what sort of visual artist ?
which one of michael jackson 's siblings wrote la toya : growing up in the jackson family ?
what area of the federal government of the united states owned the chrysler group llc corporation in 2012 ?
which writers , who were buried after 4/23/1616 , influenced charles dickens ?
where is the parkinson building located ?
what countries use power plug type c compatible outlets and speak arabic language ?
what hotels neighbor the valencia gardens ?
what country where the film `` none2 '' takes place export to ?
which states were affected by the 1815 new england hurrhode islandcane ?
what the language spoken where st. bernardus abt 12 beer is made ?
what is the capital of the location that includes the court , oregon supreme court ?
what is the head judge of the court where there is a chief justice of the united states ?
what was stephen hawking8 's academic advisor famous for ?
which movies released in none4 feature taylor lautner ?
who starred as mason capwell , and executively produced the film the assassination of richard nixon ?
who does the voice for darth vader and work as voice4 ?
what is the name of the currency where the president of brazil is located ?
who was the first dictator of the military conflict of the hungarian revolution of 1956 ?
what 2011 film starring taylor lautner that was released to the distribution medium dvd ?
what religious text did matthew the apostle write ?
what engineered language do most australians speak ?
what movie starring ryan gosling was distributed by medium video ?
what language do they speak in the country featuring the argentina peso as the accepted currency ?
which movies produced by lorne orleans star robert pattinson ?
what is the location with the body of water under asparuhov most did the crimean war take place ?
what schools did the author of kurt vonnegut6 attend ?
which battle did george washington win , in which he had a force size of more than 224 ?
which jane austen novel was made into a film that debuted at the 2010 outfest ?
what none4 released movie did taylor lautner star in ?
what type of art was hospital in arles classified under ?
name the subject of `` the road to rome : tracing the steps of paul the apostle '' . ?
where 's the river located that its origin is in lake tear of the clouds ?
who was the actor that played obi-wan kenobi kenobi in a film that tony vice was a crew member of ?
what major religion in poland has saint peter as a founding figure ?
what sports team located in rio de janeiro did ronaldinho play for in 2011 ?
in the country with a vice president of nigeria , what is the main language spoken ?
which of the harry potter books was published most recently ?
name the children of the peson who produced silk electric . ?
the river under beverly railroad bridge starts where ?
what did the chief justice of australia study in college ?
what actor appeared in night at the museum : battle of the smithsonian and has also dated taylor swift ?
who was the first wife of the musician that is known for none2 ?
where did the subject of the image `` rihanna performing at kanye west 's glow in the dark tour '' grow up ?
which television show was released in the united states of america and had shawnee smith as an actor ?
which was the super bowl , won with a 21 - 10 score , that the seattle seahawks played in ?
who one the presidential election in venezuela , and is the politician that had that tenure last ?
list the inventions created by the academic advisor of roger cotes . ?
which stop motion movie stars zac efron ?
what governmental system is currenly used by both nigeria and bolivia ?
what styles of art is the visual artist who created henri matisse0 famous for ?
what party had the public speaker talk about egalitarianism ?
who plays walter in the program `` over there '' ?
where was the author who popularized the phrase `` yes we can ! '' born ?
the blue of nudes art series visual artist was involved in what art movements ?
what states do the river under the state2 pass through ?
what television show did shawnee smith starred in that was produced and designed by nelson coates ?
what time zone is used in the place where the minnesota supreme court is found ?
what language is spoken in the country of origin for the fila brazileiro breed ?
what does the river that originates in mwinilunga flow into ?
what is there to see where jorge prospero de verboon holds office ?
what court system does supreme court of the united states6 serve on and who are the judges who serve with him ?
find the country that is home to the newspaper zhivoye dyelo , what religion is prevalent in this area ?
who was the leader in world war ii where soviet union4 originated ?
where has the president who spoke publicly on none0 lived ?
what office was held by theodore roosevelt ?
which of the vancouver canucks coaches ended his career as an athlete earliest ?
which country contains the area in which the emirates business 24/7 newspaper circulates ?
where did a military combatant involved in the battle of bussaco , and the flemish people come from ?
the associate director , white house office of public liaison graduated from which college ?
what were the inventions of the person that said `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding '' ?
which country , home to zonguldak province , also speaks arabic language ?
what 's a good place at wrigley field street in chicago to hang out ?
which country , whose government is called the government of ireland , has adopted the euro as its currency ?
what country is used in the country where falcon beer is made ?
what are the official languages used by the people whose country was affected by typhoon utor ?
what school in the city of hanover did theodore lesieg attend ?
which movie starring jennifer lawrence was directed by matthew vaugn ?
with whom did the lyricist of the `` dead horse '' marriage ? answer : erin everly ?
what currency is used in the area that falls under the constitutional court of turkey ?
what book with isbn13 instance of 9780671028442 that tupac authored ?
what movie was ashley greene in that was directed by michele imperato ?
which country , which has the urdu language as an official language , was ruled by queen victoria ?
who plays ray in the the show with the archer theme song ?
which actor was marriage to judy garland and acted in the film `` none0 ? `` ?
what state was the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness born ?
what venue in nashville , tennesee has a capacity of more that 9700 ?
what is the birthplace of the author of the diary of a young girl ?
what movies produced by de passe entertainment featured diana ross ?
what religion has a founding figure named sarah and can be found in massachusetts ?
what is the name of the parent of betty white who was employed as a salesman ?
what sports teams with a forward-center has jason kidd played for ?
what type of government is the country that has the coat of arms of the philippines ?
which military combatant in the conflict of the hungarian revolution of 1956 was a leader in soviet union2 ?
what is the capital of the country that contains the second level division county waterford ?
what is the country where anne karssilowsky was born and is part of the four countries of the united kingdom ?
what university is home to herbert irving comprehensive cancer center an has an almamater named barak barack obama ?
who was a member of the order of canada and became prime minister in 1993 ?
what kind of government system is in place in brazil ?
where would i find the actor that played in the third world film ?
what country borders china and uses power plugs that are type c ?
that tv show released in germany included shawnee smith in the cast ?
which of betty white 's husbands died most recently ?
which country engaged in the gulf war has a country calling code greater than 964 ?
kat dennings starred in which movie that has illustrated the same currency as the united states ?
what kennedy family children hold a seat in the united states house of representatives ?
what is the location that has the language that najdi arabic4 speaks ?
what currency is used in the country of origin of harbin beer ?
who was the governor of the state with the american paddlefish as it 's official symbol in 1996 ?
which university , which has fewer than 20,873 undergraduates , was attended by jeff corwin ?
who played none0 's voice in the movie starring zoe leader ?
which instrument is played by the the do the right thing author and publisher ?
how many kids were in the kennedy family , whose father was the secretary of state ?
what is there to see in downtown chicago , and what stadium to chicago cubs play in ?
what japanese prime minister '' -g in 2011 had their tenure end latest ?
what language did l. l. zamenhof invent that is spoken in australia ?
what is the title of the book by tupac with isbn 0743474341 ?
where did the writer of 9 to 5 grow up ?
which author , who is buried in dryburgh abbey , influenced charles dickens ?
paul von hindenburg appointed a politician from which political parties ?
which exhibition venue in liverpool , england opened most recently ?
what language is spoken where maltese iira is used as a currency ?
who does the voice for the character born in voice0 ?
who is quoted as saying `` caution is the confidential agent of selfishness '' and also began the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
what futbol team currently has michael essien and had cristiano ronaldo as a member in 2010 ?
what is the heritage of the actor who played the character sander loyer ?
what kind of language do they speak in the place where the fictional character tutankhamun live ?
who was the first actor to play jimmy lee holt 's fiction parent ?
where was the home of the fictional character that the movie martin luther centered on ?
what city with a neighborhood named college hill did joe namath lived in ?
which fantasy movies starred taylor lautner ?
what kinds of larry hagman0 did the actor that played in the movie dallas reunion : the return to southfork suffer from ?
who was elected president of the asian college of science and technology ?
who as audrey hepburn 's husband was the artist nominated for the gardens of the world award ?
how did the actor who played in the film `` wiz on down the road '' die ?
find the president who spoke about egalitarianism , what are they known for ?
what forms of government are used int he country of origin for brahma bock beer ?
tell me the names of the kansas senators who held the senate election in their state in 2008 and 2013 ?
what city was the producer of sometimes late at night born ?
what is the area called in where the newspaper legal daily circulates money ?
] what science contributions were made by the author who published editions for microgrpahia ( history of microscopy series ) ?
what was the cause of the death of the actor that played in the movie daddy yankee : barrio fino en directo ?
what country in eurasia id queen victoria rule ?
what school did the artist nominated for the dear mama award go to ?
what james franco film had i.j . van perre as a crew member ?
what currency is used in the country that made archa beer ?
what is the currency used in the country with the coat of arms of hungary ?
what 2011 movie , edited by bruce cannon , starred taylor lautner ?
what language is spoken by the ethnic group which includes the sihasapa indians ?
which sibling of michael jackson wrote the music for from janet to damita jo : the videos ?
what political party was home to the politician who was appointed by none2 ?
what location is the city of giza built on ?
what kind of government does gebel elba have ?
the visual artist that created the art series of barcelona attended a school . what was the name of it ?
which language is spoken primarily in greece but also in albania ?
what writer was a peer of samuel taylor coleridge and influence of charles dickens ?
which baseball team that plays in the bronx did deion sanders play for ?
which countries are the language kenosha spoken in ?
where did the author write the lion , , the witch and the wardrobe ?
what country traded with mexico in the past but was also rule by philip iii of spain ?
which super bowl did the raiders win by a score of 32-14 ?
what is the almamater of the speaker at the 2012 state of the union address ?
what hotel is near the location with tour triangle ?
what is the current time in john d. waihee iii 's district , kauai ?
what country was the location of the film , how she move and is also nina dobrev 's nationality ?
what is the currency for the nation where the movie `` frida '' takes place ?
where did bernard madoff live and is the location of peter minuit owned assets ?
what senators won the hawaii election for the united states of america senate in 2010 and 2012 ?
where does the body of water under the allenby bridge begin ?
which visual artist that created the art series of haystacks and also inspired vincent van gogh ?
what type of currency does the place where the government of thailand is located have ?
names two hotels in the location where the film `` breathless '' was filmed . ?
what film starred taylor lautner and was edited by jim clark ?
where should a family stay in paris that is open early ?
who is the governor who had the positions of colorado attorney general in 2009 ?
peter crouch played for what club , homed in britannia stadium ?
who was the speaker at the 2012 state of the union address and where did they receive their education from ?
in 1993 , who was the 1999-01-017 that ended governmental position after 04-22-2006 ?
who are the senators of the state in which `` new jersey4 '' is set ?
what state has mount st. helens and has an official symbol of the rhododendron macrophyllum ?
who was the original actor who played the parent of fictional character mary mae ward ?
what state , through which the appalachian mountains run , is the home represented by jon corzine ?
in 2008 , what capital city of oregon held the united states senate election ?
what psychiatrist '' -g was influenced by baron de montesquieu ?
what is the currency for the country where the newspaper , aurora de chile at ?
what is the timezone that has the official symbol of cypripedium reginae ?
what time zone is the city that was the home of the fictional person bad bill located in ?
is there a list of wars that george washington is associated with ?
who began the organization that is the subject of the image `` pixar company logo ( 1995-present ) '' ?
what type of music , featured in aida , did life of franz liszt compose ?
what language belongs to the sacred language family , and is spoken in iran ?
what time zone is the territory in which the daily paper maryville daily times is flowed ?
what organization that wale signed to that acquired the company roc-a-fella records ?
what is the majority language spoken in the country that is home to guinness foreign extra stout beer ?
what time zone uses the currency brazilian brazilian cruzado novo ?
what city is the university of maryland located in that is located in prince george 's county ?
what fun amusement park in kansas city features the zambezi zinger ?
what schools boast attendance by the public speaker who spoke about barack obama8 ?
who has kim kardashian dated who was also executive producer of rags ?
what structure , opened after 1898-06-01 , is where a family should stay in paris ?
in the state that held the houston mayoral election in 2009 , which airport is closest to downtown ?
what movie , filmed in new york city , features matt dallas ?
which organization spoke at the march on washington for jobs and freedom jobs and freedom ?
who influenced michael jackson and passed away from stomach cancer ?
where did the person who said `` selfishness is one of the qualities apt to inspire love '' die ?
in the city in which the fictional character chloe king lived , where would one stay if they visited ?
which actor from futureworld was none0 to betty white ?
the play treemonisha features what type of music ?
in what city did the actor who performed in morrissey : who put the m in manchester live in 2010 ?
what political party does the politician that held the position under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness belonged to ?
who was the first wife of the singer that wrote `` wrap her up '' ?
what is the current roster of the boston celtics , who who plays center ?
where did the associate director of the white house office of public liaison go to school ?
which person , who said `` vision thing '' , ran against bill clinton for president ?
what other languages are spoken by people in the country where saek is spoken ?
the actor who played in high school phenoms won the nba slam dunk contest in what year ?
who rules denmark '' -u current and was previously appointed to his/her position by margrethe ii of denmark ?
find the place that speaks tsonga , what countries do they export to ?
what movie filmed at kalama featured robert pattinson ?
what other languages are spoken in the country where romansh is spoken ?
what indianapolis based school did kurt vonnegut attend ?
which tv personality who has appeared on tv since kim kardashian8 has dated kim kardashianhardashian ?
abraham lincoln0 decided to dedicate his work to who ?
what movie starring leo howard was filmed at austin ?
what form of political system is used in the country where pivzavod ao vena nevskoye light beer is made ?
who was marriage to the actor that played betty white8 ?
what movie starring robert pattison with the link to the trailer ofhttp : //www.magpictures.com/belami/ ?
which persian language speaking country has the largest gdp deflator change of rate ?
who won governor in the united states senate election in connecticut in 2012 and 2010 ?
what countries does the body of water that flows under the centennial bridge , panama run through ?
hayden christensen wore the darth vader suit in a film that louise elsey was a crew member of . ?
find the city athenian brewery a a alfa hellenic beer is produced in , what language is spoken there ?
the wikisym 2001 event took place at the google headquarters , where is it located ?
what city containing a neighborhood called berclair did elvis presley live in prior to his death ?
who is the producer of the 65th annual tony awards dating ?
what is both the subject of the film of mr ya miss and a basic belief of sikhism ?
which ohio state governmental body office is held by william r. king ?
in what war did george washington lead america against the none0 ?
what are the names of the harry potter books in order ?
what democrat policitican was the vp for richard nixon ?
what country has the official position , south carolina attorney general ?
what is the official time of nebraska0 now ?
what is there to do in the place with the san jose6 neighborhood ?
what film was released straight to dvd and starred none5 ?
which shows produced by henry winkler have less than 138 episodes ?
what school did the music producer who produced patience attend ?
what movie was produce by france 2 cinema and featured robert pattinson ?
who are the judges on the supreme court of the united states ?
which german trading partner has an iso alpha 3 of dza ?
which supreme court of the united statess carry the title of associate justice of the surpeme court of the united states ?
who wrote the comedy of erros and also influence the work of samuel tauulor coleridge ?
what film starred taylor lautner and kira roessler ?
who started their political career in japan4 , and eventually was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2012 ?
what type of government did the fictional character tutankhamun live under ?
in `` the wiz '' , who was the litigant of the trial of michael jackson case ?
what is the subject of the image , `` battle of antietam by thulstrup creek '' ?
list michael jackson 's siblings and the person who produced history : past , present and future , book 1 ?
which are the other countries that the government of south africa share borders with ?
what was galileo galilei0 known for ?
in which time zone was the affected area of cyclone 1848 tampa bay hurricane ?
which artist who is buried in westerkerk influenced the work of vincent van gogh ?
the kingdom of prussia and england shared which political system ?
who is the actor from the fifth element who is playing old bilbo ?
what language is spoken both in pakistan and the tortall universe fictional universe ?
in what place is the emirates hills neighborhood associated with ?
who is the state senator of arizona that asked `` why is chelsea clinton so ugly ? ' ?
what style of music does electronic music8 perform ?
what state is the public speaker that spoke about education reform the senator for ?
who coached the sports team that plays at the none0 ?
what state included canadian county and has the amercan american bullfrog as an official symbol ?
which languages are spoken in the place where najdi arabic4 is ?
what country that includes the galápagos islandss has a standing army of fewer than 58500 people ?
who plays sarah wittle in the movie that also starred none2 played ?
who are the judges that serve in the same court as judge supreme court of the united states2 ?
who voiced nemo 's dad on the popular animated children 's film ?
what hotels are in the area where `` tales of the city '' is located ?
who is the person who influenced albert einstein , buried and memorialized in raj ghat and associated memorials ?
from which school did the producer of what are we really made of graduate ?
which religion with the deity of jesus christ is the one that madonna practices ?
what place has the appalachian mountains run through it and whose country 's coat of arms is coat of arms of charlottetown ?
which political party did the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address belong to ?
who was the president of the country where samaná english is spoken inf 2011 ?
who had a relationship with the actress portraying rachel berry ?
what country is citytown giza located ?
what are the religions of people sharing their home country with bochkarev krepkoe beer ?
what was the name of the movie that taylor lautner stared in that had a prequel called the twilight saga : new moon ?
what spouse of richard burton died earliest ?
what movie with victor j. kemper cinematography starred chris farley ?
who is the actor that played amy squirrel character in the movie starring none0 ?
what are the movies directed by garry marshall that starred zac efron ?
what dr. dre production did tupac star in ?
what other languages are spoken by those who live where romansh is spoken ?
what movie about human genetic engineering did matt bomer play in ?
what type of currency does the country that holds the senate of the philippines use ?
what is the type of government that they use in the place affected by the cyclone/tropical depression 2e ?
name the harry potter book that is about a parallel universe . ?
where does the president who said `` barack obama6 '' live ?
what is the name of the airport that is in the same location as the tour triangle ?
what music composed by ludwig van beethoven appeared in the film aida ?
what movie featured madonna and casting director ellen lewis ?
what language is spoken in the place where the kallang neighborhood is located ?
which movies that laurence dorman production designed starred zac efron ?
which book written by aristotle has the earliest book edition publication date ?
what are the four official languages of the country where the nigerian pound is the currency ?
what is the religion that is in thailand that was formed by gautama buddha buddhisma ?
what movie has ryan gosling starred in that also featured sound mix ?
whose husband was the nominee for the golden laurel for top feaudrey hepburn2 comedy performance ?
which division is the team in that plays in paul brown stadium ?
in the nation where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is produced , what languages are spoken ?
which actor who plays james t. kirk in star trek also contributed to the story of a film called teklords ?
what speaking language is used in the country where tutankhaman lived ?
how many indiana jones movies are there that had a prequel named indiana jones and the indiana jones and the raiders of the lost ark ?
which political party was film subject of young abraham lincoln ?
what are the names of the siblings of the inventor of the telephone ?
what form of currency should i take with me when visiting the country that has the coat of arms of croatia ?
the river that flows through songo , mozambique finishes where ?
what 's the name of the haunted house movie jenna dewan was in ?
what tv show did kellie martin star in that has the most amount of seasons ?
what is the birth place of the star of the film 1492 conquest of paradise ?
what money is used in the area containing second level division cartago ?
which tv shows featuring jill wagner have fewer than 9 seasons ?
what movie , starring josh ryan evans , did ron howard direct ?
which football player with a passing attempt statistic of less than 262 dated kim kardashianhardashian ?
find the government of birmingham , what time zone is it located in ?
what other languages besides cambodian french are spoken in cambodia ?
what currency is used where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made ?
which member of the 30th united states congress became lincoln 's vice president ?
which shawnee smith tv show has the longest running time ?
who can tell me the type of government used in the home of the asian college of science and technology ?
the movie `` saw v '' takes place in what city location ?
what movie had a crew featuring none0 and featured a cast which included actress kat graham ?
what kind of government rules over the country where korean yen is used ?
the person who invented thomas edison2s is most famous for what ?
where is the film w. set ?
was the at & t park the arena where deion sanders played baseball ?
the music producer of john mayer8 sings what genre of music ?
frida kahlo used a special technique in her art , this technique was said to have influenced guyguy debord , what was it ?
in what city was the author who published editions for `` profiles in courage '' shot ?
which country that exports to the united kingdom speaks farsi , eastern language as an official language ?
who was the first wife of the artist who was award nominated for `` johnny cash0 '' ?
the husband of audrey hepburn died of audrey hepburn0 , what was his name ?
what type of government is in both the birthplace of emanuel lasker and saudi arabia ?
what language is spoken in the region that prodiuced the newspaper nyhedsavisen ?
what taylor lautner films have been produced by roy lee ?
what party is bloomberg , the parent company of the young turks , affiliated with ?
who did the politician appointed to his position by contintenal congress marry ?
what state held the 2010 united states senate election in louisiana ?
what celebrity dated by brody jenner appeared first on tv ?
what language is spoken in the country where turkeyk tuborg troy beer is made ?
please state all the inventions by thomas edison and also emile berliner . ?
with which countries does south africa trade whose army is numbers 107000 ?
in what movies has the person who said `` none4 '' appear ?
what leo howard movies were directed by kevin ishioka ?
what character born in mexico does seth macfarlane play in family guy ?
what country that is a part of the united kingdom and has official symbol of thistle ?
what peer of girolamo benivieni inspired michelangelo buonarroti ?
which one of the four united kingdom nations features the ulster scots dialects as an official language ?
what was the political party of none8 ?
where does the author of when william came ( large print ) live ?
when did the sports team whose arena is the palace of auburn hills las win the championship ?
what religion did the academic advisor of william kaye estes follow ?
what government is in use where the asian college of science and technology , main campus is located ?
which country affected by hurricane irene has the largest army ?
what was the cause of death for the actor who played whitney houston0 ?
who is in charge of the country where limfjordsporter is produced ?
from what country do the arabs in india come ?
which city was the litigant in michael jackson 's trial case born in ?
what actress plays stacey on a tv series that has a theme song called `` follow me '' ?
which of robert pattinson 's new movies has the longest running time ?
what war that george washington helped win had the largest max force ?
who marriage the person that served in the military unit army group oberrhein ?
what currency is used in the area where the newspaper brazil em folhas circulates ?
what german movie did quentin tarantino star in ?
what politicians held the government cabinet secretary and were influenced by boron de montesquie ?
what movie , featuring music by brian tyler , features liam hemsworth ?
what continent is home to a politician named pieter mulder ?
which of the amusement parks in kansas city opened earliest ?
which country was a military combatant in the gulf war that also speaks basque ?
during which war was woodrow wilson president while the tampico affair occurred ?
what ryan gosling movies were production designed by william david arnold ?
what is the location of the nation of the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body named `` ministry of foreigh affairs ?
what amusement park that opened after houston0 is a fun thing to do in houston ?
in the film , the secret life of leonardo da vinci , what type of art was created ?
in which time zone does governmental office holder frank g. jackson live ?
who is the senator of the state that held the us senate election in connecticut in 2010 and 2012 ?
in 2012 , who was the president of the country that counts the second level division piã±as canton as one of its facilities ?
what is the cause of death of the author of a yearning toward wilderness ?
what body of water does the zambezi and it 's river basing flow into ?
what is the region which includes the czech republic and serves as the setting for mortal engines ?
what stop motion movies has taylor lautner been in ?
what is the name of the actor that plays kokiri and also voices lola bunny in the looney tunes cartoons ?
what type of artwork does the visual artist of henri matisse0 produce ?
what writer of the film `` housekeeping '' did ben stiller date ?
where does the city which was the subject of jacques lacan 's film parle get its name ?
what type of music played by richard wager that appeared in film in the shadow of the stars ?
the author of atlas shrugged lived where ?
find the actor that played steve morgan , what other movies has he appeared in ?
what country is in the united kingdom and run by the scottish government ?
what judges on the supreme court of the united states also ended a judicial tenure the earliest ?
what currency is accepted in the country that exports the `` turkeyk tuborg troy beer '' ?
who filled roles both as richard nixon vice president and united states ambassador to the united kingdom ?
what catholicism0 does the religion with `` the father ' for the deity follow ?
where did the flemish live that was the location of the film how she move ?
in the jurisdiction with the libyan revolutionary command council , what is the political system that is in place ?
what currency is used in the location containing the second level division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a ?
where , also a place in the fictional universe mortal engines , is great britain located ?
what is the dollar referred to in the area where the brazilian cruzado is used ?
what akiva goldsman movie did ron howard direct ?
what currency is used in the country with constitutional court of turkey ?
what is the currency of the coat of arms of mexico called ?
what fantasy movies has taylor lautner been in ?
which famous member of the indian national congress party influenced albert einstein ?
what movie featured quentin tarantino an the casting director was johanna ray ?
what lodging is most popular in the area with the neighborhood 16th arrondissement ?
who is married to the person that said `` the sound and music are 50 % of the entertainment in a movie '' ?
which influencer of michael jackson said `` it 's kind of fun to do the impossible ? `` ?
what university with the smallest number of postgraduates was where theodore lesieg went to school ?
prior to 1995-10-28 , what years did the cleveland indians go to the world series ?
where is the beginning of the body of water which passes under the jordan river crossing ?
what is the movie about television that was done by chris farley ?
what mario lopez movie was about diving in the summer olympics ?
which foreign drama is angelina jolie directing ?
the actor who played ari sheinwold died from what ?
what writer of the music for dr. t & the women was also marriage to julia roberts ?
what was identified by the advisor of maurice goldhaber ?
what actor , featured in the circus , influenced michael jackson ?
where does the body of water under dona ana bridge end ?
where did bernard madoff live in new york city that was also the place that the character joey tribbiani was born ?
what is the alma mater of the none0 ?
which politician who was a member of the quebec liberal party was the prime minister of canada in 1993 ?
what city was the public speaker who spoke about the berlin wall shot in ?
what state is the sports team that plays in little havana from ?
what language do australians speak that has the code xloj in the rosetta project ?
in movies starring ryan gosling , which ones have costumes designed by frank fleming ?
what is the currency of mexico , a country with a coat of arms ?
which of betty white 's husbands died after june 9 , 1981 ?
what ethic group , which includes ukrainians , do ethnic russians look like ?
the title of chief justice of the united states is currently filled by who ?
what is the flow of the river that originates from paranaiba ?
what hobby did rodrigo damazio bovendorp have that was also a job for president george w. bush bush ?
on which two continents is the place where akbash dogs originated . ?
what movies did ryan gosling star in that was filmed in connecticut ?
which country doed canada drade with that is home to meiji yasuda life building ?
what is the arabic language speaking country that was ruled by hamad bin khalifa al thani ?
for which hockey team is henrik sedin the coach ?
the actor who played kazaam also played for what college basketball team ?
what currency is presently used in the netherlands and was one used in serbia and montenegro ?
of the tv programs produced by henry winkler , which had the smallest running time ?
in what timezone is the swedish riksdaler used ?
what movie did jenna dewan and simon rex play in ?
what city was the actor who played in the film death of a prophet from ?
what movie that madonna appears in has a sequel title arthur and the revenge of maltazard ?
what german speaking location that has the government called east germany ?
find the person who played a character called j.j. abrams4 , what movie did this person direct ?
which star , who spent years playing the character phoebe halliwell , produced the film phoebe halliwell8 ?
where is new zealand sign language imported to to be spoken ?
which italian figure was influenced by piero della francesca and was to be an inspiration for michelangelo buonarroti ?
who was once marriage to none1 and wrote `` none0 '' ?
what movie was edited by naveen singh and featured ian somerhalder ?
what did the hasburg family control that was also ruled by manuel i of portugal ?
where was the star of voyage of time born ?
what university with fewer than 10293 was attended by university of california , berkeley1 ?
what was influenced by baron de montesquie that influenced jacques lacan ?
what did the fictional character do whose child is jem finch ?
in the court where judges are entitled , chief justice of the united states , who are the current judges ?
what is the main language in the country with the governmental body israeli ministry of defense ?
what religious denomination has the official symbol of the massachusetts4 ?
what is the language in the country where saek language4 is made speak ?
where is the home of the actor who played the character lady silk ?
this nominee for teen choice awards for blush scene was also a character in none0 . ?
what president was in office in office when nelson mandela the speaker of the anti aprthied died ?
where is the location of the institution where leonard wood was inducted ?
who was in the israeli–palestinian conflict and was the vice president of egypt ?
find where nova roma is located , what is the currency there called ?
who influenced the person who said `` hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil . `` ?
which actor , who played the character mathilda , also played princess padme in star wars ?
which none6 actress played none7a 's mother ?
what state includes the city of port st. lucie and has a fossil as a state symbol ?
which political party located in washington , d.c. did theodore roosevelt belong to ?
what kind of currency do they use in the country where the second level division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a is located ?
what is the currency of the area the cyclone typhoon utor affected ?
where is the headquarters of the first company that bought rare ?
which country was involved in both the vietnam war and the hungarian revolution of 1956 ?
where does the producer of `` the $ 5.98 ep : garage days revisited '' live ?
what language has slovene as the official language , but residents also speak italian ?
what is the name of abasi currency ?
what country using type c power plug that is also the origin of turkish people ?
who was influenced by karl mark to create the communist party of china ?
who were the parents of the governor general of the province of canada ?
which vice president of lincoln worked as a tailor '' -g ?
where was brad pitt , the subject of press photo 1.jpg , born ?
what character in star wars was played by the the actor who played the character grace cahill ?
who is adam sandler0 to the lead actor in blossoms & blood ?
what is the school that both woodrow wilson and alex cross graduate from ?
where did the music producer who made the don killuminati : the 7 day theory grow up ?
what nations has a person in their government with the title united states of america united states commission on civil rights lead ?
name the supreme court of the united statess in 2011 who held the title associate justice of the supreme court of the united states . ?
where did the public speaker , who spoke about barack obama8 , attend college ?
what type of government does the australia and the country kingdom of prussia currently have ? answer : constitutional monarchy . ?
who inspired michelangelo and was a peer of giovanni pico della mirandola ?
what was mario lopez in who the cinematographer was dave klein ?
what country exports to egypt and uses euros ?
what point of interest is at 409 e. 5th s. in austin ?
who is the artist aword nominated for you lie 's son ?
where in downtown chicago should i visit with a venue capacity larger than 2344 ?
what show did henry winkler produce that david peoples edited ?
where did the person famous for saying `` you are remembered for the rules you break . '' die ?
who is the person that influenced arthur conan doyle and also said `` i became insane , with long intervals and horrible sanity . `` ?
what languages do the people affected by the cyclonic typhoon pongsona speak ?
what languages are spoken in the region where the south africa6 greed originated ?
what movie was charlie hunnam in where the costumes were made by ruth meyers ?
what language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken in australia ?
name some of the hotels i should stay at in the city where the fictional character mr. wong lived . ?
where did the political figure who was head of the united states commission on civil rights die ?
the country where farsi is spoken imports and exports what goods ?
what is adam sandler , and also the subject of the movie `` toto in color '' ?
who was the none0 and senator during none3 's presidency ?
what religion is in argentina and has a founding figure named sarah ?
which speaker in a joint session of the united states congress started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
the corporate entity that acquired dell was started by who ?
what movie directed by william david arnold that ryan gosling starred in ?
what type of government system does dominica , italy have ?
which person who had a work dedicated to him/her by leonard bernstein died first ?
which japanese achipelage is mount fuji located ?
what country does danny ainge live in that has a county named lane ?
who was the wife of the person whom leonard bernstein dedicate his work to ?
what is the name of the new senator in the region where the montana attorney general is located ?
what are the names of the children of the ligigant in the trial of michael jackson ?
which country that has a top level domain of tv on the internet was a part of the vietnam war ?
what history battles did stonewall jackson fight in ?
which movies that are currently available in dvd , has chris colfer been in ?
what language was spoken in the town where the fictional character turankhamun lived ?
in connecticut , the state that held the united senete election in 2010 , who won governor ?
what is the official language of the country where good bastards dark ale beer is made ?
found on a world map , where is alfa edel pils beer created ?
what tv show directed by mick garris was shawnee smith in ?
what language do the people of brazil speak ?
what book has the isbn of 9780786296965 and was written by suzanne collins ?
what form of government is used in belarus and nigeria ?
what movie was released in spain and features ian somerhalder ?
who plays mary jane in a movie that luis grane worked on the crew of ?
in the area with the second level division cephalonia , what is the type of government ?
where did the first organization that acquired the company pacific microsonics have it 's headquarters located ?
what religion is practiced by the political appointee whose title is commander in chief of home forces ?
where was the actor who played in the film the wizards return : alex vs alex born ?
who served in the national union party and was vice president under lincoln ?
what `` in & out '' film location was impacted by hurricane irene ?
what language do they speak in the place where the dog breed egypt6 is from ?
who is the current political leader of the country where the breed dogs cubano originated in ?
in which time zone is the state with the crayfish as a symbol ?
the location where the alchemy of happiness takes place has what form of political system ?
what movies also starred the actor that played none0 ?
what country is portuguese spoken in , where the official language is ndebele ?
who has coached the minnesota vikings , that was also a former tight end ?
which syracuse university is located in tipperary hill ?
what sports are played where the filipino language is spoken ?
which language is spoken in nova roma ?
the politician that held the government position under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness was born where ?
what kind of government does the location where the film `` vietnam , long time coming '' have ?
which movies starred robert pattinson and were released on dvd ?
what is the capital of the country with official symbol of leo belgicus ?
what texas sports team did tom landry play for ?
these two states have the official government symbol of motif . what states are they ?
find a movie that has a crew member named marissa n. blanchard and a character named king julian , who plays king julian ?
which food with nutrient alpha-linolenic acid does starbucks sell ?
which appointment to the supreme court is the judge of the united states court of appeals for the second circuit ?
who was the author of profiles in courage that passed away ?
what is the name of the michael jackson movie which was a prequel to moonwalker ?
what is the official language of the country in which boon rawd singha lager beer is produced ?
who is a current senator of illinois and holds a position in the 105th united states congress ?
how did queensland get it 's name and where is it 's government located ?
what is the timezone in the state where the film `` fight for survival '' takes place . ?
who played the character charlie in a film with steve tsukamoto ?
which supreme court of the united states ended his/her judicial tenure latest ?
what film was written by katherine fugate and starred taylor lautner ?
who respectively influenced john colet and inspired michelangelo di lodovico buonarroti simoni work ?
which language is spoken by the people living in the county in which nova roma is ?
in the country where where federal supreme court of switzerland what currency is used ?
which canadian time zone is the location where the fictional character fiona coyne lived ?
what form of government do they have in the country where the filipino language is spoken ?
who is the father of cher 's son and the composer of chastity ?
where did the film with the soundtrack titled `` a bronx tale '' take place ?
find the country that makes pilsner lager beer , what is the dominant language there ?
what was the latest released film that nick cannon starred in ?
the country who has the coat of arms of philippines has what form of government ?
who is the actor who plays shao kahn and totoro ?
what movie , produced by jim lemley , featured taylor momsen ?
what caused the death of the actress who played julia biggs ?
what country speaks italian and has a nominal gp per capita of the united states dollar ?
what languages are spoken in the location that uses the currency brazilian brazilian cruzado ?
what timezone is used in the state with an official motto of `` michigan0 '' ?
what educational institutions did the `` hocus pocus '' author attend ?
what office was held by the person who none6 dedicated their work to ?
in what season did the actor who appears in the film all star training & conditioning for baseball retire ?
what movies released after nov 17 , 2008 also starred taylor lautner ?
what form of government is used in the country with seal of the mexico as its coats of arms ?
which political party spawned both the career of andrew johnson and the young turks faction ?
in the place that has the neighborhood kallang , what language do people speak there ?
what country has the gebel elba as its accepted currency ?
what was the original name of miller park ?
which country run by maria theresa was spoke about by janos ronay ?
who is an atheism that invented facebook ?
find the home of fictional character fiona coyne , what time zone is it in ?
which movies produced by orion pictures did madonna appear in ?
what author wrote `` ivanhoe '' and influenced sir arthur conan doyle ?
does vietnam have the same form of government as tuvan people 's republic . ?
what did the mark twain6 of mark twain0 do for a living ?
who was the influence for john steinbeck 's writing that is buried in christ church greyfriars ?
name the son of the music producer responsible for live at the mirage . ?
what language is used in the country where seraiki is a spoken language ?
what films starring jennifer lawrence that was produced by the company twentieth century fox film corp ?
in nova roma , what is the form of government ?
who is listed as an influence for charles dickens and was the author of the comedy of errors ?
which airport is there to fly into in the place with the villa pueyrredón neighborhood ?
where is mount jeffereson located with the earliest adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
in what fields is the mark twain6 of personal recollections of joan of ark well-known ?
are there other movies featuring both jennifer lawrence and the song safe & sound ?
what writer , who was also a peer of thomas de quincey , also influenced charles dickens ?
who played mrs. van gordon that was phil harris0 to phil harris ?
what language do the venezuelan jewish people ethnic group speak ?
which kennedy held a job in the 108th united states congress ?
what canadian sports are sponsored by air canada ?
in what event ending after 5 february 2006 did the seattle seahawks go to the super bowl ?
what is the name of the newspaper that can be found in the neighborhood of san francisco6 ?
what type of government is in the bahamas and the kingdom of prussia ?
the state that held the none1 2008 united states senate election is bordered by which states ?
what system of government is the country where the south korean won currency is used ?
what movie written by roger avary starred quentin tarantino ?
who is the chief justice of the united states court that uses the united states supreme court building as its courthouse ?
from where is the actor who played petty officer cora 'weps ' raikes ?
what city , containing the capitol view manor neighborhood , does allen iverson call home ?
in which area did the seneca people live which is also the place of birth of the fictional character kendra mason ?
what currency is used in the country that has the constitutional court of turkey ?
which religions practiced in canada have a deity called the none0 ?
what killed the actor from breakfast at tiffany 's ?
what is the timezone that the official symbol of yule marble is in right now ?
the politician appointed by the continental congress was educated where ?
in 2011 , what movie was taylor lautner in that has a sequel named the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 part 2 ?
who was the philippines elected president that was also a member of the nationalist people 's coalition political 's party ?
what is the currency of the country where brazil em folhas is circulated ?
what is the birthplace of the subject of marie curie : more than meets the eye ?
in what location is the topic of the image leron apollonos ?
what are the good sights to see in barcelona and is the muntanya russa ride located there ?
who died from heart failure and influenced albert einstein ?
hurricane otto affected the counttry with which currency ?
what are all the languages spoken where the brazilian portuguese language is spoken ?
what is the subject of jonah and the great and is also what is worshiped in islam ?
what other organization does the company , which also acquired rocksteady studios , own ?
what movie , directed by bill crutcher , does zac efron star in ?
which award-nominated show starred kellie martin and included the phrase , `` a closer walk ? `` ?
what was the career for the person that said , `` action is eloquence . `` ?
what currencies are used in the country that contains the second level division almere ?
which city neighborhood in richmond district is home to carlos santana ?
what place , with wyvern hill , is a major trading partners of germany ?
what movie featuring music by danny lux does matt dallas play in ?
find the person who serves as the director for multilateral affairs , what college did they attend ?
what language is spoken in the country that has politician joão goulart ?
where is the organization that acquired the company junglee based ?
what movie stars mario lopez and has costumes designed by leesa evans ?
what is the birthplace of the music producer who produced rum sodomy & the lash ?
which former home to the none3 indians adopted its governmental jurisdiction location symbol after december 9 , 1939 ?
which 2010 connecticut senator wrote rating the raters ?
who did the parent of the fictional character debbie dingle4 go out with ?
what were the schools attended by the politician who held the government position none0 ?
what winner of the venezuelan presidential race started their tenure latest ?
what country was the nominee of the golden laurel for top female comedy performance award from ?
what is the currency used where the chicomuceltec language is spoken ?
what type of currency is accepted in the areas stricken by the cyclonic tropical depression two-e. ?
what political systems are employed in the locations of origin for the boerboel breed ?
what films starred taylor lautner and were directed by david slade ?
in which state does the fabricated world of regenesis take place ?
which state was the speaker in the 2012 state of the union address from ?
what is the name of the none2 whose country hosted the filming of `` mutant planet : new zealand '' ?
where is the birth place of the white house staff assistant ?
who served as vice-president under the actor who played in the film `` recognition of the japanese zero fighter '' ?
what was the topic of ben chifley discussed and is also the political party that julia gillard is a member of ?
from which middle school did the public speaker that spoke about punahou school0 graduate ?
what movies that the cinematography was by taylor lautner0 , did taylor lautner star in ?
what is the official language of the place where nova roma is located now ?
what did martin luther king , jr. jr. study in college ?
which district is mount st. helens in that also is represented by john spellman ?
which work place of wassily kandinsky was influenced by modernism ?
which actor was the voice of the tatooine-born character from the original star wars movies ?
who plays sarah wittle in jumanji ?
which actor born in los angeles played mason capwell ?
what is the person , that marcus vitruvius pollio dedicated his/her work to , known for ?
who is the american football player that founded the afl ?
which part of the world is the location where the south african pound is used ?
what religions belonged to the people involved in the battle of kulikovo ?
what inspiration of michelangelo buonarroti has the earliest date of death ?
what city is the capital of the place that has the washington supreme court ?
what cartoon pornography movie has taylor lautner been in ?
what writer as listed as an influence for both nikolai gogol and charles dickens ?
who was the author who published editions for philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica and what was his occupation ?
what things were invented by both benjamin franklin and prokop diviš ?
the individual who has spoken of energy development in the usa studied what in college ?
what school did the government official appointed by the continental congress go to ?
what tourism attractions are there to do in the state that held the ottawa mayoral election in 2010 ?
where is the birthplace of the public speaker who spoke about the watergate scandal ?
who wrote ivanhoe and influenced charles dickens ?
which country that imports from south africa produces the beer cuca ?
what universities did the none0 attend ?
what language is spoken in fiji and was featured in the work middlemarch : a study of provincial life ?
which countries or seas border the area where the karbovanets is the currency ?
what is also a place in the fictional universe jojo 's bizarre adventure where arabic language is used ?
what government type does the county with the māori language is spoken have ?
who is the actress playing lois lane in the film that has the soundtrack 'sound of superman ' ?
which of michael jackson 's brothers had a role in the movie fate ?
who was the voice of timon in the film with soundtrack `` the lion king : the musical score '' ?
hot potato was the theme song for which tv program starred by nick cannon ?
what form of government defines the country where the eastern language known as farsi is spoken ?
in the country where tinima superior beer is made , what is the currency used ?
who is the film producer '' -g who played princess padme in star wars ?
what is the current roster for the boston celtics ?
what killed the actor of dallas reunion : the return to southfork ?
what is the newest france 2 cinema produced movie starring robert pattinson ?
which of the sports teams on which carlos boozer played was founded first ?
which language does the government of serbia speak ?
what form of political system is used in the country where afshar language is spoken ?
who presideded as governor in 1996 in the state who 's official symbol is a aquatic animal ?
who was the image topic of img_1878_jpg_w300h369.jpg wed to ?
what country formed from czech republicslovakia produced the budweiser beer called budvar ?
what movie was directed by ron howard and featured a score by james horner ?
find the area that is home to the governmental body known as knesset , what is the main language of that area ?
which actors played the parents of julia wainwright capwell ?
what event can be attended once a year in montpelier vermont ?
where is the starting point of the body of water which runs beneath the new hope–lambertville toll bridge ?
what was the year the chicago cubs won in the world series with a 4-0 record ?
what tv shows are shot in new york and have more than 4 episodes ?
what jobs were held by the person who said `` albert einstein4 '' ?
what other languages are spoken in the spoked where the language afshar is used ?
who knows where the speaker from virginia conventions lived ?
where did harry s. truman go to school and what is the organizations latest founding date ?
who was the president of the united states during a war that involved president of the united states2 ?
the birthplace of nathan o kaplan and columbia university share the same location , what is it ?
what did thomas edison bring to the world that was also invented by emile berliner ?
who was the arizona state senator during the 108th united states congress ?
what is the name of the championship event years where los angeles lakers won ?
the creator of the vincent van gogh0 art series was influenced by what ?
what romantic comedy movie was james frey the writer of ?
which language is spoken where the newspaper akher saa is circulated ?
what musical band did the `` none6 '' producer belong to ?
what country was once ruled hy al husayn i ibn ali and speaks arabic language ?
what is the political system of the country with the official title of iran0 of iran ?
what characters does actor none0 play in the program witht he theme song `` family guy theme song ?
in what time zone is the brazilian portuguese spoken ?
who are the parents of the actor who played the character `` lillian jordan '' ?
what person , who was born in atlanta , was listed as an influence for michael jackson ?
which is the none4 team with a designated hitter on the team roster who deion sanders played for ?
name the currency use in the place that chihuahua 's originate from ?
what middle school is home to the person who famously said `` yes we can ! `` ?
what other jobs did the president that said `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' hold ?
which western european country uses the nominal gdp currency of untied states dollar ?
of the schools sir ernest rutherford attended , which has the largest number of undergraduates ?
what movies were decorated by gordon sim and director ron howard ?
what university has a number of undergraduates greater than 19942 that rudolf virchow conducted his research in ?
which team which plays at estadio centenario does luis suarez play for ?
who held positions in the 105th united states congress and are current illinois senators ?
who was the coached of the baltimore ravens that held a government position ?
what are the timezones of the country where the prime minister of the bahamas is in office ?
what is the currency used where the filipino language is spoken ?
where is start of the river that flows through sesheke ?
where did rihanna come from and is under the jurisdiction of owen arthur ?
who served as vice-president under the person who said , `` i played by the rules of politics as i found them '' ?
what is the name of the mascot for the team that plays at sports authority field at mile high ?
what language is spoken in the country that has the coat of arms of the philippines ?
the person who said , `` time stays long enough for those who use it '' was located where when he died ?
what is the time zone where the colorada springs sun is circulated ?
where does an owned part of compagnie nouvelle du canal de panama run through ?
who wrote the film the 11th hour and played mason capwell ?
who is none0 of the government of new zealand ?
what dallas , tx attraction is the facility where the dallas cowboys play ?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has an office holder named wu xiaoling ?
what was the occupation of the person who said `` let us do or die ? `` ?
who brought up the film `` the pixar story '' ?
what political system does the government of south africa abide by ?
the newspaper sandesh serves a community that speaks which language ?
what michael jackson influencer died in atlanta ?
which made for tv films with a runtime of less than 60 minutes has taylor lautner appeared in ?
in what timezone is the area where the newspaper now is circulated ?
what schools were attended by the subject of the film `` barack obama anak menteng '' ?
who is the actor that played jumanji in the movie starring none4 ?
the location where `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' was made has which type of government ?
where did the main character of the film shackletown live ?
which country that speaks arabic language is the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
what country was explored by francis drake and was involved in the battle of methven ?
what timezone does the government under the jurisdiction of the prime minister of sweden have ?
in the second division eisenstadt , what language do they speak ?
what australian area hosted the 2006 ffsa state league ?
what movie , made in 2011 , featured taylor lautner wearing a costume designed by michael wilkinson ?
what california school did barack obama attend ?
what kind of political system is canada , baldur von schirach place of birth ?
which timezone is the government politics of sweden located in ?
what system of government is employed in the government of egypt ?
which university college , oxfordersity attended by robert boyle has the smallest number of post graduates ?
which person played the part of old bilbo and which person died in wolverhampton ?
which politicians with a tenure starting after none0 were involved in the israeli–palestinian conflict ?
what chris colfer0 released movies has chris colfer been in ?
the quote `` the noblest pleasure is the job of understanding '' was by whom ?
which sports team that plays in witton , west midlands does emile heskey play for ?
heidi mayfield did production design for which taylor momsen film ?
what time zone is the state of the state that senate election in michigan , united states 2008 ?
what was a mission of martin luther king , jr. jr and was spoken about by john f. kennedy ?
who did ben stiller date who also stared as ursula ?
what institution did theodore lesieg receive his education from , which also has a cancer center named norris cotton cancer center ?
who is the visual artist that created the houses of parliament series , which also inspired vincent van gogh ?
who was the producer of none2 movies ?
what political party was theodore roosevelt and is the parent company of young turks ?
what are the main sports teams in new zealand ?
what money or currency type do they use where the spoken language is mapudungun language ?
which writers inspired the person who said `` a loving heart is the truest wisdom '' ?
what is the capital city of the country location for the movie `` the quarry '' ?
find the country that the breed fila brazileiro hails from , what is the name of the currency used there ?
who was marriage to the actor from `` elton john : elton 60 : live at madison square garden '' ?
where is the sri lanka government seat capital located . ?
who is the president of the country where nova roma is located ?
what country borders armenia that was once ruled by mirian iii of iberia ?
what movie do both matt dallas and daveigh chase star in ?
what kind of government is used in the place shown on a map of north korea ?
who is the president where the state administration of foreign exchange is located ?
who played obi-wan kenobi in star wars : star wars episode i : the phantom menace ?
what country could you find military commander ahmed haroun ?
on what drug did the person who said `` popsicles are for the summertime ... '' overdose ?
what is the name of the goodison park sports team tim howard played for ?
what are the two major religions in canada and of those two , which one was founded by huldrych zwingli ?
name the locations where the newspaper el tiempo is circulated . ?
who is marriage to the star from tom cruise2 ?
which of the two current illinois senators ended their government position the latest ?
when was george w. bush last sworn into office ?
what motion pictures does the music maker which delivered none0 play in ?
what is the tall building in chicago which has more than 100 floors ?
what country is harar beer made and who is the prime minister '' -g of that country ?
what time zone is used in the location where the film `` presumed guilty '' takes place ?
what are the academic credentials of the speaker who spoke about energy development ?
what currency is used in the region where the chausie breed originated ?
who was a eputy prime minister who now rules denmark '' -u ?
what kind of government does the country in the area of cyclone typhoon whang have ?
what middle did the speaker who spoke about punahou school0 attend ?
where is the headquarters of nynex 's owner ?
name the husband of cleopatra who died by his own hand . ?
who plays robin hood in the film with the soundtrack titled robin hood : prince of thieves ?
who plays pylea on `` angel '' ?
what continent is the country whose coat of arms is the coat of arms of russia located on ?
what other english language movies did jennifer lawrence play in ?
what political system exists in the country where tsonga is spoken ?
where does the sports team that plays in bbva compass stadium play ?
which of julia roberts ' husbands was nominated for a grammy for best male pop vocal ?
who played jacob black in the film staring stuart gavert ?
in the affected area of the cyclone typhoon utor , what form of government is used ?
where did the academic adviser of edwin klebs conduct his research ?
what country with an army of less than 35736 was home to the flemish ?
the fictional universe , foreworld , united states of americaes the real-life native language of what countries ?
what did isaac newton invent or discover ?
who was the speaker of the house of representatives in 2011 , who was a member of the 101st united states congress of the united states ?
which tv program does nick cannon play in , that has the largest amount of episodes ?
what is the language that is spoken in wyvern hill ?
what is the political system of both england and the country whose capital is berlin ?
what businessperson is the owner of google 2012 and saw terry winograd as an influencer ?
who inspired john steinbeck and also wrote the movie submarine patrol ?
what was the inspiration of the artist that created the art series on the michelangelo0 ?
what currency is also used in the country that has used the brazilian real . ?
from which ethnic group that includes foreign-born african americans does dwayne johnson descend ?
which english language movies has taylor lautner been in ?
what politician that was involved n israeli israeli–palestinian conflict that is the member of order of st michael and st george ?
the river that flows through sesheke flows into what body of water ?
who is president of the country where brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is in use ?
in the country with the coat of arms of south africa what is the political system ?
what did the artist who was nominated for `` gardens of the world '' with audrey hepburn die of ?
the government type found in dominica and is also the government found in iraq . ?
what did leonardo da vinci and fausto veranzio invent ?
what is the location of the film la hora de la siesta ?
who is the author of a yearning toward wildness ?
which language is the official language of both great britain and the philippines ?
who currently rules denmark '' -u and also wrote the film the wild swans ?
during woodrow wilson 's presidency , what war was fought where there were at least 116780 casualties ?
who played the character in star wars episode iii : revenge of the sith who was born on tatooine ?
which location that uses the canadian dollar did seneca people live ?
what language do the fijian people speak ?
what time zone is the city which includes a neighborhood crows nest in ?
in a work dedicated to none0 , who plays faramir ?
what films has taylor lautner starred in that were produced by roy lee ?
what movie was directed by judy lee and starred kat dennings ?
what country exports for saudi arabia and also uses the euro as its currency ?
someone from the the army group vistula got marriage . what was the spouse 's name ?
the political appointer commander in chief of home forces was the leader of what groups ?
what actor played the character jacob black ?
what sport that canadians like is sponsored by air canada ?
what is the current job of the person who won celebrity big brother - season 10 ?
when did the boston red sox win the world series with 4-1 as championship scores ?
who inspired the speaker in 2012 state of the union address ?
what is there to see and do in qalway , galway , ireland ?
what professional title do both annie leibniz and eddie yang share ?
who was the us president at the time when the anti-apartheid speaker was killed ?
which singer in pink floyd was born in grantchster ?
what is the language spoken in the country that uses peruvian sol as currency ?
where was the secretary of defense for personnel and readiness born ?
what city was the producer of the show what are we really made of born in ?
please list the litigant 's children in the trial of michael jackson ?
what system of government is used in both south korea and brazil ?
what horror movie franchise film did regina hall play in ?
what country has the title collector of the port of philadelphia ?
what kind of government is sweden , the birth country of emanuel lasker ?
where should a family stay in the place with the 7th arrondissement neighborhood ?
in the country where the filipino language is spoken , what kind of government is there ?
which super bowl did the new york giants win with a score of 17-14 ?
what other political offices has the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng held ?
which exhibition venue opened most recently in sydney ?
where is the hometown of the music producer of `` bionic '' ?
what major religions can be found in the country where pivzavod ao vena nevskoye light beer is made ?
what time zone is australia and brisbane airport in ?
what form of government is present in the country that brews s.a. breweries castle lager beer ?
iran 's major trading partner is in what french speaking country ?
what movie about mathematics did ron howard direct ?
who plays in the movie aaron bouffard ?
in what modern country do they speak domari language and what is the capital of that country ?
what actor plays rico in the television show whose theme song is `` the best of both worlds '' ?
which continent includes a country whose coat of arms is the seal of the mexico ?
who played michael meyers in halloween 4 : the return of michael myers : the return of michael meyers ?
what are the names of the composer of billie jean 's 3 children ?
what language is spoken in both ghana and the imaginary world of the tortall universe ?
into what sea does the river which begins in qinghai flow ?
what times zones are in the states that held the 2008 leection for us senate in kentucky ?
what sports team that plays in the oakland-alameda county coliseum did howie long play for ?
what team was a nominee of kids ' choice award for favorite sports team that grover cleaveland alexander played for ?
where does the undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness live ?
in the star trek movie , who was born in riverside ?
the title , defence minister , would be found in what balkans 's country 's leadership ?
what actor has played the character savion 'dj scientific ' gibson and once dated kim kardashian ?
what large body of water does the river flowing under allenby bridge flow into ?
what event in afghanistan was caused by an al-qaeda attack ?
in a joy newman movie , who played private parts0 ?
what other movies were produced by the `` michael jackson8 '' music producer ?
in which superbowl were the championship results 27019 with the winner being the dallas cowboys ?
where is the starting point of the river that flows through vancouver ?
what movies featured the united states dollar as currency and also featured quintin tarantino ?
what award category was most recently established and which marily monroe won ?
name the actor who was born in coalville and went on to portray old bilbo ?
find the name of robert hooke 's academic advisor , where did he attend college ?
name the political party the 2012 speaker at the state of the union address belongs to . ?
what movie series was written by melissa rosenberg and featured actress ashley greene ?
what member of the order of santiago influenced pablo picasso '' -u 's work ?
where was the vietnam war waged and which is also the country with the smallest calling code ?
who is a member of the order of the three stars and also prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 ?
what tourist attractions can be found in the los altos neighborhood of dallas , texas ?
what colleges did the the speaker in 2012 state of the union address attend ?
who plays princess padme in star wars and also played in none4 ?
what are the languages spoken in the country of origin for the egyptian mau breed ?
what films produced by kinologic films has robert pattinson starred in ?
who was the elected president of philippines and served in that capacity most recently ?
what catholic played old bilbo ?
who publishes the wall street journal and also wrote boss talk ?
what party is the public speaker about education reform affiliated with ?
what is the timezone for the area in which the newspaper o pasquim is circulated ?
which singer-songwriter '' -g dated taylor swift ?
what movie is in hebrew language and stars ryan gosling ?
find the subject of the movie gone too soon , where did this person attend school ?
who was pakistan 's prime minister in 1999 and was in the pakistan muslim league ?
what film featured music by edward sheamur and featured taylor lautner ?
what 's the actual currency accepted in the country that is home to the fictional character tutankhamun ?
what university has postgraduates of more than 1,727 , as well as where columbia university5 attended ?
where is the uefa euro 2012 tournament held ? is the administrative division located in poland ?
what country which also produced dreher bak beer did maria theresa rule ?
which strict vegetarian plays james t. kirk in star trek ?
which country speaks the kirundi language ?
what show was released in germany but shot in new york ?
find the person who said `` proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves '' , what did this person die of ?
what type of governments have ruled the country that is the home of fila brazileiro ?
which country , that contains suffolk county , did bernard madoff live ?
to which political party did the person to whom none8 dedicated his work belong ?
what current ohio state senator holds a position in the executive office of the president of the united states ?
what film starring taylor lautner that has a prequel named eclipse ?
which quarterback is famous for dating kim kardashian ?
what is the most recent year the giants have won the world series ?
what is a religion in massachusetts that has appeared in the film `` first class discipleship '' ?
what entreprenreur created youtube ?
what kind of political practices would someone that fought in the battle of kulikovo have ?
who is the wife of the producer of mccartney 's ?
find the country that manufactures gilroy favourite beer , where do they export to ?
what is the time zone where i am located , which is a neighborhood called ohio city ?
what movie was directed by ron howard and production designed by michael corenblith ?
where did the author of the voyage of the dawn treader live when they wrote the story ?
what person said `` power grows from the barrel of a gun '' and is credited as starting the communist party of china ?
what was the championship game where the score was 4-3 and the new york knicks won ?
what currency is used in the home country of cerveceria modelo corona light beer ?
in what county did the person who said `` i know of no way of judging the future but by the past . '' live ?
during which super bowl did the baltimore ravens defeat the san francisco 49ers ?
what is the team that luis suarez play for ?
what is the capital city of the country where the currency austrian austrian schilling is used ?
what language is spoken in the country that originated the fila brazileiro dog breed ?
what is there to do and see in the area where `` san diego zoo safari park6 '' is set ?
what university did the speaker who focused on energy development attend ?
what language , having the rosetta project code slk , is spoken in the czech republic ?
what currency is used in the country with second level division salcedo ?
what is the name of the currency of the government that includes the position vice premier of the people 's republic of china ?
what team with a middle linebacker did hank baskett play for in 2010 ?
in what time zone is an official symbol of papilio polyxenes located ?
what movie featuring regina hall was released in the united states of america ?
what city was the pefrson who made the japanese instrument of surrender speech live from ?
who was born in none0 , and was also audrey hepburn 's husbands ?
which taylor lautner films debuted in the film festival in stockholm ?
which show in which kellie martin starred has the smallest number of episodes ?
which celtics practice location has the largest capacity ?
name the documentary films produced by henry winkler . ?
where is bora bora , the location of the film `` the pagan '' ?
in what country was the author of `` antony and cleopatra '' born ?
what is the venue with a capacity greater than 16294 where the boston celtics practice ?
the subject of the film victoria the great was raised by whom ?
what government type do germany and dominica have ?
what are the two official languages of the place where the paraguayan peso is used as currency ?
find the place the breed poltava originates from , what is the name of the currency used there ?
who was the 2012 state of the union address speaker , and what type of degree did they obtain in college ?
what taylor momsen movie was produced by walt disney pictures ?
what denver sports teams are owned by stan kroenke ?
who inspired john steinbeck with this famous quote ; `` learn taciturnity and let that be your motto ! `` ?
find the place that is home to a newspaper called haaretz , what language is spoken there ?
what west germanic languages is spoken in switzerland ?
what languages are spoken in the country where sã¸ren pind is in office ?
which instrument played by robin gibb was invented by bartolomeo cristofori ?
which shows starring ent_1 have less than 15 seasons ?
what country borders china and is governed by the state peace and development council ?
what films has taylor lautner been in which had costumes designed by nina proctor ?
where country holds the hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry school of witchcraft and wizardy and is the birthplace of james watt ?
what else did the benjamin franklin0 politician invent ?
on which continent would the newspaper die vaderland be circulated ?
who is the subject of the movie `` lust for life '' who influenced pablo picasso '' -u ?
which language is spoken where nova roma is ?
what movie was directed by angelina jolie and decorate by anna lynch-robinson ?
in the region of australia where emanuel lascar was born , what form of government ruled the land ?
what is the name of the hotel that the subject of a jacques lacan parle film was born ?
the none4 dedicated their work to a person affiliated to which political party ?
what type of government and economic system do both the united states of america and bolivia have ?
what did the actor , who played in `` three 's a crowd , have surgery for ?
what persian language speaking country exports to russia ?
how many languages are spoken in the philippians ?
what is the occupation of the person that created hospital in arles ?
what is the dominant language where the supreme court of israel is located ?
which other movies did the artist awarded an oscar in the girl with something extra win oscars for ?
where did the subject of the film `` becoming jane '' grow up ?
what device was used to shoot the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism ?
what hiri motu language speaking country was ruled by queen elizabeth ii ?
what is the main language spoken in the country which makes brahma bock beer ?
what movies recieved a theatrical distribution and had nick cannon play in it ?
what type of political system is government of iran ?
what degrees does anak menteng , from the film , barack obama , currently hold ?
name a the writer that penned `` the two gentlemen of verona '' and influenced charles dickens . ?
which politician was appointed to his/her government position by james vi and i contributions ?
who is the roman politician that had an impact on niccolò machiavelli and also followed deism ?
what schools were attended by the political appointee who had the title united states commission on civil rights ?
how many languages are spoken in the country which makes san miguel pale pilsen beer ?
what country did maria theresa rule which janos ronay also spoke of ?
what coaches of the carolina panthers were coaching from 2000 or later ?
what tourist interest in charlotte , north carolina where tim flock was inducted ?
what is the original name of nolan ryan 's team , the los angeles angels of anaheim ?
which pink floyd singer was nominated for the grammy award for best rock instrumental performance ?
which language is used in brazil , and belongs to the indo-european languages ?
what presidential opponent of bill clinton once said `` read my lips : no new taxes '' ?
what year did the baltimore orioles win the world series , which completed after baltimore orioles2 ?
in there area with a government official named artur da costa e silva what is the type of currency used ?
which language used in philippines is also used in the fictional universe buffyverse ?
what italyan movies have starred robert pattinson ?
what school did the associate director in the white house office of public liaison go to ?
what country in the world speaks arabic language and export to ethiopia ?
what governmental position did theodore roosevelt hold last ?
the parent company visteon owns what companies ?
find the place affected by tropical storm fabio in 2012 , who was the senator in that area ?
find the country that the breed molossus originates from , what language is spoken there ?
what state does the mississippi river pass through has a political district with the governmental body : united states house of representatives ?
which amusement park in houston opened most recently ?
which us president started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and served as president sometime after the 28th us president ?
which movies produced by universal studios has ron howard directed ?
what movies has robert pattinson starred in that were produced by france 2 cinema ?
what is the capital of the country with supreme court of austria ?
which country/ countries is the kwanza currency used in ?
what liam hemsworth movie was produced by alex proyas ?
what ben stiller0 did ben stiller date ?
who wore the darth vader suit in the movie whose soundtrack included classic fm : star wars suite and other great film music ?
what time zone is the country that has the official motto of `` in god we trust '' ?
which building owned by donald trump has the most floors ?
what currency is used in the country affected by cyclone tropical depression two-e ?
name the quarterback for the sports team that plays in quarterback4 . ?
what is the primary language of the people who bred the portuguese water dog ?
do you know the names of the parents of the main character in `` sixty glorious years '' ?
what television mini series was shot in new york and focuses on a pandemic ?
who was the secretary of state under richard nixon and followed the presbyterianismterian faith ?
did anne frank live in germany before the war , and if so , what is their administrative division ?
what christmas themed media has holiday in handcuffs1 been in ?
what is the origin of the latin language and is also part of the language family of the aragonese language ?
which city , known as the birthplace of josã©e contreras , does portugal trade with ?
lesley beale was the decorator for which film starred by taylor lautner ?
what is the time zone in the area that will be affected by hurricane iwa ?
which country did breed molossus originate in ?
who was galileo galilei2 's academic advisor ?
who are the senators from the state hit by none0 in 2012 ?
name the major religions of the military personell involve in the battle of kulikovo . ?
what airport is near the downtown location of the movie houston4 ?
mount jefferson is the headwaters of which river ?
who does supreme court of the united states2 serve as judge alongside ?
what is roger cote 's academic advisor famous for ?
where does the river under skinners falls and milanville bridge start ?
who is the wife of the person that congress dedicated its work ?
what language do they speak in the country of the office holder named mahmoud fawzi ?
who is the owner of the vatican radio station and what language does it broadcast in around the world ?
what show featured george wendt and has the theme song everybody knows your name ?
of the tv shows starring kellie martin , which had the longest running time ?
what movies that robert pattinson has starred in also feature cinematography by javier aguirresarobe ?
what language is used in the country that najdi arabic4 located in ?
which movie is being directed by angelina jolie , that debuted at the 2012 refugee film festival ?
what year did the los angeles lakers beat won the championship beating the syracuse ?
what type of government can be found in the birthplace of baldur von schirach and the bahamas ?
what city in onondaga county is the home of syracuse university ?
which language do people speak in czech republic whose code is slk in the rosetta project ?
what type of currency does the country that is governed by atef sedki use ?
what television show did kellie martin star in ?
which airports are in the city that is the birthplace of the publisher of the four fundamental concepts of psycho-analysis ?
what is the currency of nova roma ?
what country in north america '' -u continent with the currency of nominal gdp per capita is the united states dollar ?
who is the celebrity that starred in corpse bride that has a legal entanglement in new york ?
can someone tell me where the u.s. attorney for georgia 's northern district was born and raised ?
what movie was chris farley in that was released last ?
what theme song is written by the person who plays a character called dr. roskin ?
which senators are in the district where none0 is the representative ?
what english speaking country where fictional character stephen dedalus was born ?
what movie starring liam hemsworth was directed by chuck russell ?
what is the language of the people of algeria ?
what was an invention of one of the politicians that were appointed to their position by contential congress ?
who currrently rules denmark '' -u , as well is the member of the order of the cross of terra mariana ?
what arena is located in the city of arlington , texas ?
name the division that the team that plays in lucas oil stadium is part of . ?
what film featured nick cannon as an actor and kirk demorest as an editor ?
which chris farley movies were directed by christa munro ?
which taylor momsen movie was written by hal moore ?
who influenced both charles dickens and willliam godwin ?
which continent , home to the country of china , was the filming location of the movie `` hong kong confidential ? `` ?
what influenced vincent vincent van goghph 's work and what influential persons death was most recent . ?
what sports team play in old trafford and had tim howard on their roster ?
which us president the baron de montesquieu influence , and had the smallest presidency number as well ?
what is the country that portuguese is spoken where chun-li was born ?
who is listed as representatives for overlook hotel ?
what language is found both in singajpore and in the fictional univers buffyverse ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2012 ?
where did the none0 attend school ?
of the albums on which john frusciante played , which was released earliest ?
what kind of government does the country that has the coat of arms of mexico have ?
find the image titled flindders view of port jackson taken from south head , what does the focus of this image export ?
which was the most recent super bowl won by the new york giants ?
the columbus place where the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament was held . ?
which country that uses the euro as currency contains county sligo ?
which football player who has completed fewer than 185 passes did kim kardashian date ?
what form of government is the united kingdom , birth place of baldur von schirach ?
which actor played none0 in a film with crew member neth nom ?
which christian was elected president of the philippines ?
what currency should you use where thai bangkaew dogs originated ?
find the producer who works for silk electric , what city is he from ?
what matt bomer movies were released after 5 october 2006 ?
where was the public speaker , who talked about none2 , educated ?
who was the person who influenced vincent van gogh that died from lung cancer ?
what movie was directed by ron howard and dan webster ?
which country is part of the united kingdom and is home to wyvern hill ?
what language spoken in the countryarea in which the newspaper brazil em folhas is circulated ?
name the alma maters of the speaker for the none0 ?
what countries does the river that flows under bridge of the americas run across ?
what area ruled by elizabeth ii did rihanna come from ?
who or what was the main influence for the artworks found in pablo picasso '' -u0 ?
who/what influenced the academic advisor of albert einstein2 ?
where was the birthplace of the actor that starred in dolly parton : live and well ?
which movie did robert pattinson star in that was part of the twilight saga ?
which robert pattinson movies include the italian language ?
what peer of pierre-auguste renoir inspired van vincent van gogh 's work ?
who is the actor who played both luke skywalker and logan ?
what time zone is the official symbol of saguaro in ?
which party of the battle of gettysburg said `` never do a wrong thing to make a friend or to keep one . `` ?
find the city the publisher of `` the four fundamental concepts of psychoanalsys '' , where did the city get it 's name ?
what is the time zone of the district represented by john d. waihee iii ?
what different ethnicity groups are included in the ethnic group iranian peoples0 ?
who is engaged to the star of the film john legend : the making of a legend ?
is the language kenosha spoken in fiji ?
what is the timezone in the country where bahamas creole english is spoken ?
which event in dallas , tx occurs in the venue with the largest capacity ?
find the country that makes al ahram beverages co that makes stella beer , what language is spoken there ?
which of the football players dated by kim kardashianhardashian has the largest touchdown statistics ?
what is the form of government where the aegean cat breed originated ?
what type of music does the actor that played the character ella fitzgerald2 sing ?
what kind of language do they speak in the country where the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
which indiana jones movie was written by gloria katz ?
what ethnicity are the people from iran that includes the kurds ?
what is the name of audrey hepburn 's husband who produced the film audrey hepburn0 ?
find the birth location of the subject of the film jacques lacan la psychanalyse reinventee , what is the major airport located there ?
what kind of government is run in the nation the uses the brazilian brazilian cruzado as it 's currency ?
in the region where the breed of thai bangkaew dog originated , what kind of money is used . ?
what types of political systems include the position of administrator of the government ?
the river that flows through yonkers starts where ?
what is the name of the movie featuring taylor lautner , which is also has a prequel titled eclipse ?
what language is spoken in the area in which the newspaper `` expresso '' circulates ?
what language is spoken along side taiwanese hokkien ?
what parent company acquired ducati in 2011 ?
what are three names for the god that the religion of taoism2 worships ?
what movies have the same actor in common with the film vanity fair0 ?
who currently owns the sports team that play in the three rivers stadiumarena arena stadium ?
which senator from arizona is a member of the order of the three stars ?
what record label organization has kelly clarkson most recently signed with ?
what sports championships had final results of 4-1 and the baltimore orioles won ?
what country where mäori language language is spoken import from ?
what movie did james frey write that featured mike lanoue ?
what country is in the film gallipoli , where english is the native language ?
what michael jackson movie did barry sonnenfeld direct ?
what is the currency of the country where the second level division istanbul province is located ?
what language do they speak where nova roma is located ?
which country was fictional character jemaine clement born in and a chinese trading partner ?
who played johnny cabot 's first wife ?
where can you find the second level division dominican republic0 elias pina and where is the best place to vacation there ?
in the 15th cabinet of puerto rico ; what was the national sport of the government jurisdiction ?
what is the currency of france and belgium ?
what show production designed by nelson coates was shot in new york ?
what movie starring robert pattinson that was decorated by lesley beale ?
character jim mccormac supposedly lived in this city and is where ryanair flies into . ?
what attraction is there in nashville , tn that is located on capital hill street ?
what other languages are spoken in the area with romansh language ?
what years was the team that plays at hilltop park the winners of the world series ?
which of brody jenner 's celebrity dating partners are vegetarians ?
what is the spotrs team that is owned by kroenke that plays in denver ?
in what year did the new york yankees most recently win the world series ?
which of the countries ruled by queen victoria has none8 as a government official ?
what is the currency of the country where the french ministry of foreign affairs is a governmental body ?
which film starring taylor momsen was released in germany ?
what languages are used in the country where egypt4 beer is made ?
what film , produced by new line cinema , features taylor lautner ?
what style of music is both played by john mayer and featured in celine dion : the colour of my love concert ?
who were some of the influences of the person tried in the trial of michael jackson ?
what other political offices has the public speaker who spoke about barack obama2 been in ?
in what country did the 2010 south carolina gubernatorial election take place ?
what cities have the president who was the subject of the film `` barack obama anak menteng '' reside in ?
what standard time zone is used in michigan and locations near venice municipal airport ?
what team with a second baseman on its roster did manny ramirez play for ?
where is the san francisco6 newspaper written from ?
what kind government is canada , the country where baldur von schirach was born ?
who can tell me what the purchaser of mclaughlin automobile produces ?
what is the type of government in place in the area under the jurisdiction of the prime minister of vietnam ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has the position title prime minister of thailand ?
what is the name of the currency used in the place that is shome to samsun province ?
where is the birthplace of the fictional character butterball ( emery schaub ) and the location of the nascar hall of fame ?
what language do people in nova roma speak ?
who is the spouse of the actor who played none0 ?
what state borders the missouri river and is also the setting in the show the sacred band of stepsons universe ?
which hometown did william howard taft decide to dedicate his work to ?
what government is used where hurricane frank hit ?
the president that said 'barack obama8 ' went to what schools ?
can anyone say what the primary languages are where the israeli lira is the local currency ?
fin the place that speaks romansh , what other language is spoken there ?
the country where the monetary unit is the abasi has which imports and exports ?
what language does the ethnicity group that includes black irish speak ?
the country where the thai language is spoken uses which currency ?
who once worked as a presenter '' -g and dated kim kardashian ?
which movie written by eve pomerance starred matt dallas ?
what is the order of the fictional harry potter books by name ?
who did the producer of `` sometimes late at night '' play in `` the wiz '' ?
in what city does the sports team whose arena is craven cottage play ?
where is the nigerian pound used for currency ?
what is the most recent super bowl the baltimore ravens won ?
what telus-sponsored sports to canadians like , eh ?
josé ferrer1 was marriage to which singer who died in coral gables , florida ?
where did robert hooke get his education from , and said organization 's headquarters is located in the city town of oxford ?
what actress portrays london tipton on the suite life on deck of zack and cody ?
which vietnam war location had an army greater than 495000 ?
what film , directed by alan lee in 2011 , featured taylor lautner ?
who was the wife of the speaker for march on washington for jobs and freedom ?
find the public speaker who spoke on the berlin wall , what city was he later assasinated in ?
who is the current leader of the place where the newspaper granma is circulated ?
what religion does argentina have that has the holy spirit int it ?
what is oakwood–vaughan 's city 's timezone in canada ?
what location did the actor who played c. c. ryder live . ?
which eugene , oregon based american football sports team did john madden play for ?
which currency is the currency of both france and belgium ?
what location with the body of water under hamden bridge does delaware river start ?
what is the political affiliation of the author of the audacity of hope ?
what was the one thing that the politician who was appointed to his/her government position by continental congress was famous for ?
what language with the main speaking country of germany is spoken in switzerland ?
what languages is spoken where the politics of denmark '' -u is ?
which canadian sports teams are sponsored by telus ?
what robert pattinson film did tami lane crew for ?
what type of money is used in the country where san miguel ( philippines ) cervesa negra beer is made ?
at what location does the river , originating in mwinilunga , end ?
william howard taft dedicated his work to whom and who was his vp ?
what was the cause of death of the actor whose roles included that of dr. jeffries ?
what is a place to visit in orlando , florida that is an amusement park that opened after april 4 , 1998 ?
what language family is the language used in the fictional universe foreworld classified in ?
where did bernard madoff live which was also an asset owned by carl g. fisher ?
where is the producer of chris rock : no apologies from ?
who uttered the phrase `` if you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen '' and was president during world war ii ?
what 2011 movie directed by liba daniels stared taylor lautner ?
who was vice president during the term of the president who delivered a speech about the berlin wall ?
what is the administrative division in the united kingdom whose primary language is french ?
which of the states where the united states dollar is the currency , is the place where the siege of vicksburg was fought ?
what movie are both chris farley and don rickles in ?
during what year did the hockey team captained by dustin brown win the stanley cup ?
what is the name region where the brazilian brazilian cruzado currency is used ?
which amusement park in panama city beach was opened after 1995 ?
where is the headquarters of the client in strickland v. sony corporation case ?
what tv shows did ent_3 produce that ran for more than two seasons ?
what german food is offered by starbucks ?
who plays faramir in the film that had david bawel as a crew member ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the argentine peso argentino is used ?
what is the name of the amusement park in barcelona with the el magatzem de les bruixes i els bruixots ride ?
what language is spoken at the cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer headquarters ?
what award nominated tv show with the description `` prime minister '' is taped in new york ?
which of the politicians involved in the israeli palestinain conflict started his/her governmental position most recently ?
where did the person who the film `` chasing bernard madoff '' is about live ?
what country brews the beer brasseurs savoyards la cordã©e biã¨re de savoie and features the french alps ?
where did the person that served in the military unit 21st illinois volunteer infantry regiment go to school ?
what movie stars robert pattinson and is produced by kinologic films ?
which governmental system did new france have and saudi arabia now has ?
where was the death place of the author who published editions for journals ?
what continent is the affected area of the cyclone 1937 great hong kong typhoon ?
what is the currency of the country where the thai language is spoken ?
what husband of audrey hepburn died in rome ?
name the none0 of the country where the none2 is spoken . ?
what movie starred chris farley and was directed by chris cornwell ?
what currency is used where the film `` the treasure of the sierra madre '' takes place ?
what university 's alumni include michaelle obama and sam seaborn ?
where did the subject of the film `` the boy king '' get shot ?
who was the person in the israeli–palestinian conflict that served in the military unit ii corps ?
who has played american football and also coached the minnesota vikings ?
who wrote call me madam and what was their profession ?
what time zone is it where the newspaper `` rice thresher '' is published ?
what language is spoken in the country with the government of austria ?
in the film the boy king , what job did the subject have ?
what movie featured ian somerhalder and was nominated for an award for life as a house ?
which war was george washington associated with where the force he was with was larger than opposition ?
where is the origin of the west branch delaware river ?
who is the actor that played blaine in the film with co-star micky thomas ?
the visual artist that created the art series three musicians died in what location ?
what country has internet top level domain of ai and trades with the uk ?
what museums are in the neighborhood ottawa8 ?
what airport is next to where `` with friends like these ... '' takes place ?
what united states of america movie starts robert pattinson ?
what type of art did the originator of raphael cartoons create ?
what is the birthplace of the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng ?
what school did the none2 public speaker attend ?
where did the person who said , `` love is an irresistable desire to be irresistibly desired , '' attend school ?
which countries calling code is 356 where they speak turkeykish ?
in which city is the purdue university cancer center located ?
who can tell me the actress that plays mary jane in the film that has the spider-man 2 soundtrack in it ?
which senators are from the district represented by chris christie ?
what form of government is used in australia and where emanuel lasker was born in ?
what language does gebel elba speak ?
what scientific contributions were made in 1665 by the author who published editions for `` micrographia ( history of microscopy series ) '' ?
what types of government are used in the government of sweden ?
what movie about transhunamism did j.j. abrams direct ?
which former blackstreet members work as singer-songwriter '' -gs ?
which architect buried in graceland cemetery influenced frank lloyd wright ?
where do people who follow the religion founded by muhammad in islam go to worship ?
what major river does the body of water under hermann bridge empty ?
what member of the 9th united states congress also helped influence abraham lincoln 's decision to run for the presidency . ?
in the country with the official symbol of belgium0 what is the language that is spoken ?
what show featuring mario lopez was directed by fred m duer ?
who was elected gloria macapagal-arroyo0 of the philippines and ended his or her government service most recently ?
in the movie nba hardwood classics : nba live 2001 which tean drafted the actor ?
which movies released in the united states of america does zac efron have leading roles in ?
what was radio station kdmr 's first cartoon called ?
what is the local currency of the area affected by hurricane frank ?
what are some sightseeing locations in the cuatro vientos neighborhood ?
what is the name of the movie starring edward norton and kat dennings ?
who was influenced by giovanni pico della mirandola , and later went on to influence niccolò machiavelli ?
which of michael jackson 's brothers or sisters was the music producer which produced dream street ?
using the nominal gdp of the united states dollar , what country has adopted the currency of the euro ?
who plays éowyn in the film the lord of the rings : the return of the king ?
i 'm what time zone are parts of texas and the strathmore ( d.j . murray ) airport ?
what british columbia district is represented by pierre trudeau ?
what film , produced by james a. gelarden featured matt dallas as an actor ?
where was the music producer of the don killuminati : the 7 day theory born ?
who was the prime minister of canada in 1993 ?
for the location in which `` the quarry '' takes place , what type of political system do they have ?
what form of government is used in the country where meã¤nkieli is spoken ?
find the public speaker who spoke on the topic of energy development , who does he admire ?
the country where otro mundo golden ale beer ( yahoo ! ) is made speaks what languge ?
where did robert hooke get his education from ? is it the university that professor charles xavior graduated from ?
what artistic movement did the visual artist that created the back art series belong to ?
which senator of the philippines was also elected president of the country ?
which team , founded after march 25 , 1908 , did ronaldinho play for in 2013 ?
what language is mainly found in great britian but can also be heard in israel ?
when was the last time citi field 's home team won the world series ?
leader during world ward 2 and was the speaker who spoke of cult of personality ?
what country that arabsic people came from that has ethnic group of armenians ?
which government , whose official symbol is the northeastern united states0 , is located in the northeastern united states ?
which president that is deaceased help usher in the fall of the berlin wall ?
what language is spoke in nova roma ?
who is the senator of new jersey who was a none0 ?
what was the currency in french polynesia as well as in france before the euro ?
what type of government system does the country have where `` mutant planet : new zealand '' was filmed ?
what movie starring nick cannon did bill pankow edit ?
what is the continent that holds the nation where george zanias holds a government office within its jurisdiction ?
what is the most common language spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called storting ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo ?
who is the leader of the country where barada beer is made ?
the speaker that initiated the quote 'few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder , was from where ?
what is the timezone in china where the government of hong kong is located ?
which country was home to the seneca people and whose coat of arms is that of st. catharine ?
name the judges that preside over the proceedings of the supreme court of the united states ?
which member of the democratic party won the nobel peace prize in 2007 ?
what country is s.a. breweries castle lager beer made in ?
what state is governed by brian sandoval and has sierra nevada nevada running through it ?
which state has the symbol of greater roadrunner and is where bill richardson lives ?
where did the politician whom had a position appointed by the continental congress die in ?
what party had lincoln as a member as is credited as creating young turks ?
which country that nina dobrev is from is the location of the film `` legends of the fall '' ?
what team did cristiano ronaldo and michael essien play for in 2010 ?
what story , created by the harlem renaisance , was written by kareem abdul-jabbar ?
who makes the cuca beer and also trades with the uk ?
who are the current rulers of the country where none0 beer is made ?
what was the artist responsible forthe series titled butterflies famous for ?
what is the name of the senator that presides over a state who 's official symbol is a jeremiah b. howell0 ?
the visual artist that created the art series three musicians was a part of which art movement ?
what language is spoken in the area that has second level division la union ?
what is the name of the coach of hockey captain jonathan toews ?
who played an paul mccartney0 in paul mccartney2 and what was their role in the band ?
who is the senator from the state of arizona who was first elected arizona4 ?
what political party composed none4 ?
what is the film genre of the latest film with adrian williams as a crew member ?
what team had howie long and a left guard on their roster ?
which pink floyd vocalists have died from cancer ?
in the area where the constitutional court of turkey is , what is the language used ?
which airport is in paris and has tap portugal airline ?
which amusement park located in charlotte , north carolina opened after 1970 ?
which countries have english as their spoken language , and is sthe subject of the adventures of priscilla , queen of the desert movie ?
on a world map , where is the place that has a neighborhood called kallang ?
who marriage the actor from the movie `` disney sing-along songs : the bare necessities '' ?
what religion with a founding figure of huldrych zwingli is the religion in argentina ?
what is the religion that is used in the country that is home to massachusetts2 ?
where did the actor who played the character alex russo live in 2010 ?
what is the former name of the organization that acquired hughes telematics inc ?
what books written by aristotle have the isbn 9780140449495 ?
what can i see at the none3 exhibition venue that is downtown and opened after 1977 ?
what is the name of the currency used in the place thai bangkaew dogs originated ?
what celebrity , who was executive producer of national lampoons national lampoon 's pledge this ! , also dated brody jenner ?
in which country in the united kingdom was peter cowie born ?
a politician who dedicated their work to leonard bernstein was assassinated , who was sworn into office after them ?
is u'toronto ' the capital city of the location where the film `` chevelle '' takes place ?
what is the country that speaks a language called niko ?
what movie does chad michael murray act in which was edited by joel negron ?
which of the vice presidents who served after the first vice president were influenced by baron de montesquie ?
which none1 senators were in the 111th united states congress in 2013 ?
which united kingdom country makes llangollen grange no 1 beer ?
in the area where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is used , what language is spoken ?
what language found in the fictional universe `` buffyverse '' do the people of south africa speak ?
in 2010 real madrid c.f . purchased a prominent football player from which team ?
what is the time zone in nova roma ?
what city was the public speaker which spoke about energy development born in ?
what style of art did the creator of series of butterflies art produce ?
what language in switzerland that belonged to gallo-romance languages language family ?
what is the name of the 2011 speaker of the house and holder of the 100th us congress position ?
to which political party does the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianism belong ?
which country shares a coat of arms with the nation of russia ?
where is the composer of i shot the sheriff buried ?
who opened for pink floyd and played the acting role of the guitarist ?
where was the `` do what you can with what you have , where you are '' quoted person buried ?
what person to whom erich wolfgang korngold dedicated his work created the federal reserve systemeral reserve ?
when did captain claude giroux 's hockey team win the cup ?
tell me the location of the body of water under the livingston avenue bridge . ?
what movie did regina hall play in with the united states dollar as currency ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named joã£o goulart ?
what type of art , featured in the film `` the golden age '' dies marc chagall do ?
which falcons none6 in 2012 has more than 191 passing attempts ?
what book by suzanne collins can be found under the isbn 9780307207302 ?
what is the mark twain4 of mark twain0 well known for ?
what languages are spoken in the place where you 'd find the federal supreme court of switzerland ?
what language , spoken in mali , is also the language of the heroes in hell fictional universe ?
the country that makes bochkarev krepkoe beer has what type of government ?
when did the boston red sox most recently win the pennant ?
what is the school sports team of university of florida that once had emmitt smith playing on it ?
what kind of government system does the place in canada where baldur von schirach was born in have ?
what state can you find a river that flows through huntsville ?
who was a psychiatrist '' -g who influenced niccolò machiavelli ?
where has the nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar ?
what party based on far-right politics was adolf hitler leader of ?
what form of money do the accept in the government jurisdiction of hubert ingraham ?
what languages are spoken in the region where the bosnia and herzegovina dinar is used as currency ?
who brought up the kid who would someday say , `` he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting '' ?
what body of water is under the livingstone avenue bridge and where does it start ?
who is the golden boot winner purchased by manchester united f.c . ?
what languages are spoken in the location of origin for the molossus breed ?
which football players with touchdown statistics less than 3 have dated kim kardashianhardashian ?
what country did james watt come from ?
what area speaks portugese and was once ruled by philip iii of spain ?
who was the vice president to whom the united states congress dedicated its work after he died ?
what languages do they speak in the country that uses where the cyprus8 as currency ?
which films written by stephen sommers feature leo howard ?
what political party was lincoln associated with and started the young turks ?
what baltimore ravens quarterback in 2012 that has the lowest amount of pass attempts ?
what is the starting location of the body of water that flows under dona ana bridge ?
what movie was directed by mark swain and was based on a jane austen book ?
what is the official currency in both belgium and france ?
what country where the english language is also native has county sligo as a second level division ?
what country has spanish as their primary language and has an amphibian as a state symbol ?
in wars where one of the combatants was the none0 , which one did george washington help win ?
in what country is both the battle of talavera and they speak basque ?
what is the place of death of the person who stated `` nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent ? `` ?
which member of the order of the falcon is currently ruling denmark '' -u ?
what college , located in claifornia , was once attended by barack obama ?
what movies were edited by stephen semel that had chris farley ?
which countries are part of the british isles in western europe . ?
which politician terminated her last government position , and won utah attorney general ?
the soundtrack star wars episode i : the phantom menace highlights the trials of darth vader , which actor portrays the character ?
what time zone is the residence of the fictional character bad bill in ?
who is the none0 of the state where the fictional universe xanth 2011 is ?
in what jenna dewan movie was eric harwood a crew member ?
the country where `` mutant planet : new zealand '' was filmed accepts what currency ?
what languages are spoken in the area where the newspaper `` akhbar el-yom '' is distributed ?
what year did the actor who was in the film nba street series : vol 3 enter the nba ?
what countries border the county that made kotayk lager beer ?
type c power plugs can be found in what balkans country ?
list three accomplishments of the recipient of the london film critics circle for actor of the year award . ?
name the birth location of the person who said `` if there was a god , i 'd still have both nuts '' . ?
where did the film subject of barack obama anak menteng recieve a degree ?
in the film orpheus , marc chagall performs what type of art ?
which country has the smalllest army and the official language is german ?
what taylor momsen movies feature costumes designed by rita ryack ?
the public speaker who discussed energy development is the senator for which state ?
what language , found in the fictional universe the tortall universe , do irish people speak ?
who are the senators from the district now represented by chris christie ?
who was elected as president to the country which has the coat of arms of the philippines as its coat of arms ?
in the fictional universe of xanth which is the time zone that is used ?
where was the producer of marvin at the movies from ?
which influencer of arthur conan doyle was buried after october 9 , 1849 ?
who played the actor who was born on tatooine at the end none4 ?
what political party had the leader title of reich governor ?
find the person who said a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool , what university did this person attend ?
who was the vice-president for the political appointee who 'd had the title white house staff assistant ?
in what county is the oracle newspaper circulated ?
which michael jackson movies were produced my will vinton ?
what school did the speaker of the 2012 state of the union address attend ?
which of the teams that didier drogba played for in 2013 was founded the earliest ?
who was pink floyd 's singer and contributed to the film pink floyd-the wall ?
the person who invented the telephone died where ?
adolf hitler2 appointed a politician to a government position , and that politician became the leader of something ; what was it ?
what book was about an orphan and written by john irving ?
when the actress that played rachel marron died of an drug overdose , what drugs were found inside her ?
to whom has the actor who played in the film `` steve marriott : astoria memorial concert '' been peter frampton2 ?
what 2011 movie was produce by karen rosenfelt and featured taylor lautner ?
what movies did j.j. abrams direct and are nominated an aware that has a 3 disc blue-ray edition ?
what language do they speak in the country with a government official titled the prime minister of jamaica ?
who was the speaker at the 2012 state of the union address and where did he graduate ?
what 's located at 116 fifth ave. north , nashville , tn ?
what is the capital city of the state that held the alaska , 2008 united states senate race ?
which countries were previously ruled by the president of czechoslovakia ?
which gallo-romance languages language is spoken in belgium ?
who was the actor who marriage richard burton and played the character gloria wandrous ?
what city in the administrative division in the country of norway is serviced by ryanair ?
what is pictured at the location of the netherlands on a map ?
who are the children of the artist who created `` that n***** 's crazy '' ?
janelle monae and colleen winning 's film job are the same , what is this job ?
what former secretary of state did george w. bush run against for his second term ?
which selena gomez film had a sequel called `` arthur 3 : the war of the two worlds '' ?
what movies starred both liam hemsworth and had dennis sands on the crew ?
which specifc game with 27-10 as sports championship final scores featured the raiders as the superbowl winners ?
regarding the modern day location of gebel elba , what is the capital of it ?
in the area where the movie `` sacred ground '' takes place , what is the capitol city ?
which of the supreme court of the united statess ended a judicial tenure after august 10 , 1993 ?
new zealand speaks a special sign language and what other vocal language ?
what language is commonly spoken in the place with a political body called council of states ?
which actor , reknowned for following a vegetarian diet , plays old bilbo ?
who raised queen victoria , the person who also died in sidmouth ?
in louisiana , home of the 2010 us senate election , what 's my timezone ?
which president of the united states has a president number greater than 32 and led the us during world war ii ?
which illnesses did the person who stated , `` few people have virtue to withstand the highest bidder '' suffer from ?
what degrees did the appointer that had director for mulilateral affairs recieve ?
which concentration camp was the creator of the quote `` laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction '' killed in ?
what is the best vacation spot in the country where samara english is spoken ?
which of the kennedy family members said `` the human mind is our fundamental resource . `` ?
what country was ruled by maria theresa and has the world 's smallest army ?
what movie , available in italian , featured ashley greene ?
what movie , featuring jennifer lawrence , is this trailer http : //silverliningsplaybookmovie.com/ for ?
who is marriage to the actor who starred in none8 ?
find the music producer resposible for none0 , what movies did he star in ?
what person was the academic advisor for coates when he influenced albert einstein ?
where was the person , who held the title of collector of the port of philadelphia , from geographically ?
what movie starred charlie hunnam and was filmed at charleston college ?
what languages do they speak in the country with a governmental body named the hellenic parliament ?
what movie features liam hemsworth and music by aaron zigman ?
`` john irving2 '' author also wrote what other works ?
find the author of poor richard 's almanac of 1753 , what are all his inventions comprised of ?
the river that starts in qinghai empties in to what sea ?
the religious affiliation of the member of the order of the gold lion of the house of nassau . ?
what drugs did the actor that played in charlie sheen2 do ?
what is one invention that the author of the 1757 poor richard 's almanac famous for ?
which city is the subject of the film leonardo ?
what is government type in place in the empire area where the malian frac is used ?
find the religion that has islam2 as a founding figure , what are the basic beliefs of this faith ?
which show shot in new york has the smallest number of episodes ?
what languages are spoken by the people who are governed by the ministry of education , youth and sport of the czech republic ?
when did mcgee first appear on the program featuring the ncis theme song ?
which former vice president '' -g won the 2007 nobel peace prize ?
who marriage the artist who was nominated for an award for funny people ?
who was the quarterback , for the team playing in the none6 , in 2012 ?
who do the people of the religion in islam with a founding figure of muhammad in islam follow ?
what government type do the bahamas and austria-hungary observe ?
which states touch the river that originates in missouri river8 ?
what madonna movie had a prequel called `` the world is not enough '' ?
which the bible that the catholic church follows is the subject of `` the passion of the christ '' ?
the water flowing under the jiangyin bridge flows into what body of water ?
who contributed to the storyline of the movie ubu et la grande gidouille and was said tohave influenced pablo picasso '' -u art ?
from whom does the area where the newspaper new zealand truth circulates import ?
who influenced philip roth and inspired john steinbeck ?
what currencies are used in the country containing the second level division boquerã³n district ?
where does the river with an origin in the anti-lebanon mountains end ?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that employs the prime minister of thailand ?
which ocean does the river in songo , mozambique go to ?
what is the language of portugal which is also spoken in brazil ?
what college degrees did the politician who held the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness government position get ?
where did the actor who played the character digital underground grow up ?
who was the american football quarterback for the none1 in 2012 ?
what is the capital of the place where egyptian mau , a breed , originated ?
where was the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament held that was sponsered by us airways ?
where do they communicate in german and is the theme that the speaker alexander mintz discussed ?
what was the religion of the writer of `` a tale of two cities ? `` ?
what is the earliest film that chris colfer has been in ?
what is the name of the newspaper where there is a government section called `` government of san francisco '' ?
who are the `` sometimes late at night '' music producer 's three children ?
what are the three official languages of the country where picard is also spoken ?
does starbucks operate in any markets which serve german food ?
what airports are under the jurisdiction of the mayor of chicago ?
what countries were formed from the governmental jurisdiction that had a governmental office holder named milan hodå¾a ?
what movie was filmed at melbourne and stars liam hemsworth ?
what languages are spoken where argentina argentina peso ley is used ?
what country has english and arabic language as the official language ?
what district represented by stephen harper do the appalachian mountains cross ?
who was the founder and chairman of the communist party of china ?
which taylor lautner film had gene serdena as its set decorator ?
where is the beginning of the river that flows through songo , mozambique ?
what politicians were in the democrat party and relatives of john f. kennedy ?
where is the fictional universe of jojo 's bizarre adventure that also speaks arabic language ?
which actress played bella in the movie that also casted twilight2 ?
find the city that is home to creative loafing charlotte , what is this city known for ?
what type of land covers most of egypt and features the landmark of sandia ?
which selena gomez film was written by robert smigel ?
find the actor that portrayed a character fcalled none2 , what other movies did this actor do ?
who is the ruler of the country where none2 is a language ?
in what gmt time zone locale was the film `` saw v '' shot ?
what governmental systems are employed by the country that contains the iran0 ?
what was the inventor of the thomas edison4 most famous for ?
in which time zone is the bahamas , home of the toronto toronto pearson international airport ?
what represents the nation where the ga language is spoken ?
which julian fellowes books are fiction ?
what language do the gebel elba people speak ?
which country trades with iran and is the location of `` karle pyaar karle '' ?
who plays charlie in the movie that none0 also plays in ?
what was the earliest world series won by the ny giants ?
what location in daytona beach has the address 252 s beach st ?
who influenced the person that said `` a loving heart is the truest wisdo , . `` ?
which war included both george washington and commander john burgoyne ?
which languages are spoken where guinness foreign extra stout beer is made ?
which 2011 movie that taylor lautner appear in that had keith brian burns as its production designer ?
which movie did nick cannon star in that had kim davis as the casting director ?
who was given a work 's wife name from the united states congress ?
what fedexfield team does doug williams play for ?
in the rosetta project there is a tibetan language that has code xtan , what is the name of that langauge ?
where did jack london and adrian monk attend college ?
what year did the us presidential candidate who said `` our union : it must be preserved . '' run for president ?
what movie had both ron howard as the director and mike hill as the editor ?
in this movie staring sadie brook , who played juni ?
who quoted `` it 's kid of fun to do the impossible '' and was listed as an influence to michael jackson ?
in the location where you 'd find the government of argentina , what currency is used ?
what type of government does japan use in baldur von schirach 's place of birth ?
where should i stay in the place that has the neighborhood 16th arrondissement ?
in finding nemo , what character is played by the author of my point ... and i do have one ?
what city did the reich governor die ?
where does the director of florida division of emergency management live ?
who was the senator from connecticut in the 100th united states congress in 2010 ?
where did the political appointee , the associate director of the white house office of public liaison , attend middle school ?
what movie starring zac efron had music by marc shaiman ?
who are the justices of the court that had the title chief justice of the united states in 2011 ?
what is the state motto of a place with official symbol of massachusetts0 ?
in which country , featured in the film twelve disciples of nelson mandela , is the arabic language spoken ?
what tv show is shot in new york and has the smallest number of seasons ?
find the state that has politician mike dages in office , what time zone is this state in ?
who owns the at & t park stadium ?
who played the character faramir in the film with the soundtrack the lord of the rings : the return of the king ?
find the person appointed to the position of reich governor , what political party did he belog to ?
what new movies starring none5 that is produced in the us ?
which author , who wrote the two gentlemen of verona , was a large influence on charles dickens ?
what does george soros own in budapest ?
what nations neighbor the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called office of the prosecutor general of ukraine ?
to which party belonged the author of `` the papers of thomas jefferson , vol . 23 '' ?
the country where santa fe beer factory luna llena beer is manufactured implements which type of governmental system ?
what country did queen victoria rule that was featured in none6 ?
what type of governmental system does saudi arabia have ?
what are cindy sherman and eddie yang known for ?
who featured both in the movie `` none0 '' as well as the `` perks of being a wallflower '' film ?
which country is home to wyvem hill and is owned by britain ?
where was the birthplace of the person who quoted `` fame is a bitch '' ?
what religion does mary todd lincoln joined in which saint peter is a founding figure ?
what country , whose official language is cornish , was controlled by the house of habsburg ?
what actor played in the film great ladies of jazz and was marriage to none1 ?
where did the wild , wild world of jayne mansfield actor die ?
who plays stanley kowalski in a streetcar named desire ?
find the country that produces al ahram beverages co. stella beer , what language is spoken there ?
who does the uk trade with that uses portuguese as an official language ?
in the catholicism who is believed to be the god who spoke of sin ?
what language is spoken in the country whose currency is the brazilian cruzado novo ?
in the city where the chief justice of the united states serve , who are the judges that were appointed to the court ?
who worked as a presenter '' -g and marriage corey feldman ?
what 2011 movie was filmed in baton rouge and had taylor lautner in it ?
what region does the fictional universe shameless located in ?
find the place that speaks maltese language , what other language is spoken there ?
who is the vancouver canucks coach , and who among its athletes most recently ended their career . ?
were does the body of water under governor harry w. nice memorial bridge flow into ?
what peer of pierre-auguste renoir inspired vincent van gogh ?
who plays clary in a movie that mark boyer was a crew member of ?
in the lord of the rings , which character was the actor from john noble0 ?
the cyclone that resulted from the great hong kong typhoon of 1937 occurred in which time zone ?
who played harley quinn and was the writer of the film picture perfect ?
who was once the united states surgeon general and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
alexander mintz speaks about which country that has the euro as it 's main currency ?
which kennedy held the 107th position in the united states congress ?
what position did caesar augustus and theodosius i hold ?
what country does queen elizabeth rule that makes monteith 's lager ?
when did the los angeles lakers win the nbl championship with a score of 3 to 1 ?
what language do they speak in the second level division istanbul province ?
which movie with oswald morrisare cinematography featured michael jackson ?
what countries speak the same language natively that is spoken in the fictional universe foreworld ?
what language is spoken in the place where cordoba fighting dogs originated ?
find the name of the company that bought lasalle bank , what city is home to their headquarters ?
name the location that is the birth city of a famous tight end football player and kennedy 's inaugural address . ?
the country that has the coat of arms of south africa exports to which countries ?
in what movie did kat graham star in along side none0 ?
name the baseball stadium used by the home team in the city which also includes hilltop park . ?
what time zone areas in china were mostly affected by the typhoon vincente cyclone ?
can you name a chris farley movie that has come out on blu-ray disc ?
lisa bonet was the music producer which produced video retrospective marriage . ?
what thriller movie did tupac star in ?
which colorado representative practiced judaism ?
what was influenced by both baron de montesqui and pyrrho ?
what attraction in ottowa , ontario today is an exhibition venue that opened after may 30 , 2008 ?
where did the author of `` the fountainhead '' live ?
what is the birthplace of the music producer who produced silk electric ?
which movies starring kat dennings were released in united states of america ?
what television shows are produced by henry winkler ?
what language is used in the country where breed egypt6 originated in ?
where did the music producer for strictly for my n.i.g.g.a.z grow up ?
what movie stars chad michael murray and features the song try not to remember ?
find the location of the movie the carbon collective , what language is spoken in this location ?
what is the most recent film written by james frey ?
which film did matt dallas perform in and was the first of those released ?
where in sydney is the amusement park with the big dipper ride ?
which english speaking country where the fictional character allen francis doyle was born ?
what was the show kellie martin starred in that has the theme song ob-la-di , ob-la-da ?
which leader of the us during world war ii is also the president with the shortest tenure ?
who was famouos for both influencing pablo picasso '' -u as well as creating the series portrait of dr. gachet ?
what is the capital of the state that has the oregon swallowtail as its official symbol ?
which nun founded the sisters of saint joseph ?
what person was buried in chapel of saint-hubert and also an influencer of niccolò machiavelli . ?
what currency is used in the bahamas known for speaking creole ?
what occupation belonged to nicolaus copernicus and colleen winning ?
what language is spoken where they have an official symbol of belgium0 ?
who did the author who published poor richard 's almanac of 1735 marry ?
what countries have the isle of man reign as their coat of arms ?
which battle with a hessian combatant did george washington help win ?
what was the person known for who said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' ?
what is the name of the newspapers published in the place where fictional character mr. wong lived ?
in what city that is also the birthplace of david spangler did the battle of antietam creek take place ?
what type of government does australia currently have , specifically where emanuel lasker was born ?
what other attractions are near lomography gallery store austin ?
who was the actor who played old bilbo and died most recently ?
the navajo indians live in an area that has the greater roadrunner as their official symbol , where is it ?
what country has a population of 10074490 and is a trading partner with south africa ?
what was the location of the battle of antietam ?
from which basque speaking country is the sports team % place place ?
what is the title of the movie starring diana ross that was edited by peter zinner ?
which of philadelphia 's exhibition venues opened earliest ?
who was engaged to the person who was nominated for the blimp award for favorite television star ?
the country in which `` mutant planet : new zealand '' was filmed exports to which countries ?
what is the location of the organization that acquired the company woot ?
what state does bill richardson live in whose system is known as the government of the federal district ?
what are some of the religion in australia ? of which religion is paul the apostle the founding figure ?
what other inventions did the creator of the thomas edison4 invent ?
what is the amusement part where the wabash cannonball ride takes place ?
what caused the death of the actor who played captain kremmen ?
what 's the official language of the country that uses the monetary unit argentina peso ?
which writing by john irving was dedicated to lasse hallström ?
who is current dating the actor that played in the film dracula 's daugthers vs the space brain ?
which german movies did madonna appear in ?
what is the capital of the area affected by the 2000 sri lanka cyclone ?
who was the mother of none7a in `` star wars , '' also the executive producer of `` no strings attached '' ?
what language is used in the dominion covered by government office holder mahmoud fawzi ?
name three export destinations for the country where the new zealand8 breed originated . ?
which spanish speaking country has the smallest country calling code ?
what tv shows are shot in new york and have an episode running time under 30 minutes ?
what movie released in kill bill volume 10 did quentin tarantino star in ?
what is the capital of the country when the austrian krone is used for currency ?
which subjects are william whitson 's academic advisor renowned for ?
what super bowl featured the seattle seahawks and pittsburgh steelers ?
who was john f kennedy 's family member who also publicly spoke about assassination of martin luther king , jr. ?
what did benjamin franklin do in the work foundation ?
what politician '' -g was appointed by john quincy adams and what position were they famous for ?
which political system has a country capital of coimbra and is headed by queen elizabeth ii ?
what nation has a calling code of 84 and is also where the vietnam war occured ?
what governmental positions did the author of `` theodore roosevelt , an autobiography '' hold ?
what vice president under lincoln also held a position in the 30th u.s. congress ?
who was the mother of the queen of the country with the coat of arms of the isle of man ?
what school did william whiston 's advisor attend ?
what currency is used in the country where the istanbul province is located ?
what currency do i need to take with me , in the country where the second level division samsun province is located ?
what fun thing is there to do in san diego that is also where `` here come the monkees '' was filmed ?
what language is used in the area in which the newspaper akhbar el-yom is circulated ?
what is the state symbol of the place that none0 is located in ?
where is mount jefferson , the place in which fiction character sunstreak lived , located at ?
who was vice president to the man who stated `` government does not solve problems ; it subsidizes them ? `` ?
what did stanley clarke do the music for that regina hall played in ?
what is the cause of death of the person whom norm mailer 's work was dedicated to ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 ?
what tourist attractions are there where the mesa press is circulated ?
what is the governmental system in the country where the state council of the people 's republic of china is located ?
what is the currency used in costa rica ?
which languages are spoke in the home country of brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la salamandre beer ?
how many languages are spoken in the region that is home to the government titled senate of philippines ?
what products does that company that acquired nike , inc.0 sell ?
where did the actor who portrayed sarah hill live ?
in the film `` lydia bailey , '' where did the subject live ?
what location is featured in the work unless and is now home to the seneca people ?
what language was spoken by both iakota indians and in the fictional tortell universe ?
the film `` defamation '' takes place in a location where most people are of what religion ?
which sports arena does the team that plays in at & t park play its home games ?
which body of water does the water flowing under chirundu bridge flow into . ?
which 2011 prime minister '' -g of japan started his/her position latest ?
which of indiana jones movies ' stories were written by indiana jones2 ?
what school , with its headquarters in new haven , educated eli whitney ?
which george h. w. bush1 era president of the united states was once george h. w. bush4 ?
where was curtis lemay commander of the military ?
within the area where romansh language is spoken , what currency is used ?
find the actor who played in golden shoes , what team is he playing for in 2012 ?
who was the baltimore ravens quarterback 2012 and was born in santa cruz ?
what 's the largest country in the region that includes georgia ?
what local israeli language is found in the fictional universe , the tortall universe ?
what country with the iso code 3166-1 alpha-3 of ao does south africa trade with ?
which is the dominant language in the place where the movie `` defamation '' take place ?
what currency is used where cruzado is spoken ?
what religions in russia have a diety `` god '' ?
what television shows cast included shawnee smith and was considered to be in the television genre ?
the subject of the film leonardo made what kinds of art ?
which school attended by lil wayne was founded after 1927 ?
what new york sports team once had jason kidd as a member ?
in what years did the subject of the film `` andrew jackson : good , evil and the presidency '' run for president ?
what is the form of the government in the country where speed2 : cruise control was filmed ?
what is the capital of the location where the movie `` the inheritors '' takes place ?
where did the person who said `` status quo , you know , that is latin for the mess we 're in . '' die ?
which none0 was a louisiana state senator ?
what world religion refers to its deity as `` the father '' and was the religion of adolph adolf hitler ?
what is the name of the prime minister '' -g of the region where ethiopia is now located ?
william howard taft dedicated his work to a sick person , what was their ailment ?
what none0 movie does chad michael murray play in ?
what war did george washington and his military commander john burgoyne help to win ?
what language is spoken in the location where guangzhou zhu jiang beer is made ?
what countries speak the language kenosha ?
what country was the location of the film `` wanted '' and uses the euro as currency ?
who featured both as darth vader in the first movie and also authored `` voices and silences '' ?
which country trades with south africa and hosted the miss heritage 2015 pageant ?
which state is where the battle of burnt corn took place and houses the university of west alabama ?
which city has a neighborhood named brentwood and is the location of howard university ?
what show was directed by john korty and produced by henry winkler ?
what type of currency is used where the brazilian brazilian cruzado is used ?
who was the missouri governor in 2002 when a special election was held ?
who played clary in the movie that had gabriel hugoboom ?
who is the current governor of georgia , who also held a position in the georgia0 ?
during what music period did ludwig van beethoven live in in the film shadow of the stars ?
what form of government is practiced by the jurisdiction whose government includes the position prosecutor general of russia ?
what airport is closest to the major city where the fictional character fiona coyne lived ?
find the country that has a court called unahhangiger finanzsenat , what language is spoken there ?
of the countries with spanish as their main language , which has the smallest army ?
find the artist who was nominated for an award for a brief history of time , what did this person study in college ?
what place has the yule mule as their official flower ?
what is the religion founded by gautama buddha buddhisma which is practiced by some in australia ?
when leonard bernstein was shot , where was the person he dedicate his work at ?
what disaster films have selena gomez starred in ?
when did celtic beat st louis hawks in the championship ?
what type of government is established in the area that has been affected by the typhoon yunya ?
what ian somerhalder film had gregory nicotero as a crew member ?
what michael jackson movy had a prequel called `` captain eo '' ?
who are the siblings of the music producer that produced sometimes late at night ?
what is the name of the wife of the author who penned man in white ?
what art influenced by bauhaus is henri matisse famous for ?
what actor plays zane berg in the twilight series ?
what movie did madonna appear in that had music by hans zimmer ?
what style of art apperaed in the film evolution and was produced by the artist henri matisse ?
which area 's were affected for a whole week by typhoon vincente ?
what are the religions that believe in taoism6 ?
in what time zone is an official symbol of equality before the law located ?
what tv show taped in new york city has a longer running time than 26 minutes ?
what was john irving 's earliest published writing ?
who plays faramir in the movie that jacqui allen worked on the crew for ?
which film , that ian somerhalder played in , was nominated an award with the describtion `` role : life as a house '' ?
what important office did abraham lincoln hold in the connecticut house of representatives office ?
what city did the actor starring in the film fire in the water got shot in ?
which movie starring selena gomez was filmed in puerto rico ?
what was the inspiration for the artist that created vincent van gogh2 ?
what university or university health system that includes the university of michigan comprehensive cancer center did sanjay gupta attend ?
what movie did charlie hunnam play in that featured john tavener 's music ?
what language is spoken in the location of origin for the icelandic sheepdog ?
what currency is used by the country where the government of the the ukraine is located ?
what movie , starring taylor momsen , came before spy kids 3-d : game over ?
a portion of florida and the tulsa international airport are in which time zone ?
what thing was invented by both thomas edison and joseph swan ?
the oklahoma supreme court is located in which time zone ?
which tv program has the largest number of episodes that are taped in new york city ?
where in europe is the university of leeds ?
who does the governing body , the house of commons in northern ireland belong to ?
what is the primary language of the country that has the governmental body named knesset ?
which schools were attended by the publisher of philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica who was also an author ?
where is the base of the company that acquired zanussi ?
taking place in louisiana in 2008 , what timezone did the united states senate election take place in ?
who was the husband of the actress of breakfast at tiffany ; s ?
who did paul hindemith dedicate his work to ?
what australian language belongs to the language family constructed language ?
who played harley quinn and contributed to the story in the movie picture perfect ?
what currency can you use where the jamaican english language is spoken ?
what government office was held by constantine xi palaiologos and which is also the office for which caesar augustus is known ?
what stop motion movies has taylor lautner been in ?
what area of the world is the city where the newspaper cyprus mail located in ?
the politician that held the position of under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness attended which university ?
what amusement park has the giant dipper ride in san diego ?
arabic language is the official language of which country , which also has the internet top domain of ae ?
who played alexander luthor and george t. edison ?
what offices were held by the subject of the film none4 ?
which blockbuster genre movies star robert pattinson ?
did the house of habsburg control and produce anything aside from ottakringer helles beer ? who ?
which one of kristen stewart parents wrote the film k-11 ?
what school has a large number of undergraduates and was attended by clay mathews ?
what story written by philip k. dick has ashley greene been in ?
in the country where san miguel pale pilsen beer is made , what kind of money do they use ?
what is the head judge of the court which william johnson serves as called ?
the political appointer who was the reich governor followed which religion ?
which capital city has an official symbol of gelsemium sempervirens ?
what is the name of the prime minister '' -g of japan that started the tenure earliest in 2012 ?
what type of government does germany have that is also the same as in the country of dominica ?
what country has yue chinese as a spoken language and has the portuguese language spoken ?
who was the george h. w. bush2 during world war ii and was also a member of the episcopal church ?
in countries where brazillan portuguese is spoken , what other languages are commonly spoken ?
what film directed by ron howard was written by theodore lesieg ?
find the star of lolo 's cafe , where did this person grow up ?
what character did matt stone and frank morgan play ?
which movie did darrin mann crew on that starred tupac ?
when did a sports team , which played in at & t stadium , last win the super bowl ?
who was the person that passed away in new york city and created the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
who did the new player on real madrid c.f . play football for in 2010 ?
which inventions were created by the politician that was appointed by the benjamin franklin0 ?
in the country where the morocco franc is accepted , which other currency is commonly used ?
what language is spoken in the country where brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer is made ?
which ashley greene movie had javier aguirresarobe as its cinematographer ?
what governmental system rules over the location where the chausie breed was created ?
what country that was ruled by william and mary was represented by francis drake ?
what are all of the languages spoken in the area where farsi and eastern language are spoken ?
what actor , said to be influenced by jonathan winters played alan parish in the movie jumanji ?
what movies did both taylor lautner and shaquille o'neal star in ?
what constructed language is the local language of israel ?
what language , known as kenosha language at times , is spoken in new zealand ?
where was taft 's dedicated work buried ?
what currency is accepted where the government of new zealand is located ?
who was the queen in the country whose coat of arms is the solomon islands mom ?
what sports are played where new zealand sign language is spoken ?
what timezone is fictional character dorothy gale living in ?
who was once married to cher , has a son with her and produced all i really want to do ?
which school did the subject of `` michael jackson 's this is it '' attend ?
in the area with the second level division austria8 , what language is spoken ?
what school did the producer of silk electric attend ?
where did the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness receive his bachelor 's degree ?
what language is spoken by the jurisdiction that held the 5th new zealand parliament session ?
which country involved in the gulf war conflict uses euros as its main currency ?
what is the tallest building in dubai montage ?
who inspired the litigant of the trial of michael jackson to become a singer ?
what form of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named joã£o goulart ?
before they relocated and became the minnesota twins , what was that american league franchise called ?
who are the parents of the speaker at march on washington for jobs and freedom ?
who is the new governor in the area where none0 hit in 2011 ?
what film , written by katherine fugate , starred taylor lautner ?
what schools were attended by the subject of the film `` the political theodore lesieg '' ?
what is both a language used in israel and has a rosetta project code of xloj ?
what is the most popular religion in the location of the supreme court of israel ?
a public speaker that spoke about none2 attended which schools ?
what languages are spoken in a place that has an official symbol of a unicorn ?
which senators were elected from new jersey in 2008 ?
when looking at the list of writers who influenced charles dickens , which one died the most recently ?
what politician spoke about world war ii and created the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
who were the senators of kansas in 2013 and which politician ended their government position first . ?
the film `` into the arms of strangers : stories of the kindertransport '' takes place in which timezone ?
what is the political system in both canada and the kingdom of prussia ?
the speaker at the none6 earned what degree ?
a president openly spoke about anti apartheid , who was their vice president ?
what bildungsroman book did john irving write ?
what did the person that said `` mysteries are due to secrecy '' do ?
find the location for the movie the treasure of the sierra madre , what type of government is used there ?
which language group is spoken in germany and other countries of northern europe ?
what is in liverpool , england and which structure was opened most recently . ?
of the states that the missouri river touches , which have an official state reptile ?
what personality has production credit for i 'm watching you ?
what movies were directed by j.j. abrams and had michael giacchino writing the musical score ?
find the country that speaks picard , what other languages are spoken there ?
they speak what language in the country which is home to brahma bock beer ?
which chicago venues have a capacity greater than 2344 ?
what movie includes ian somerhalder and is written by wes craven . ?
which movie did leo howard have a role in that was from the czech republic ?
what dolby laboratories movie starred ryan gosling ?
who plays adolph rupp and is also the father of angelina jolie ?
what supreme court of the united states judge is also a professor ?
what language do the people in the region where the official symbol is the thistle speak ?
what film , produced by omar epps features matt dallas ?
which none0s does the mississippi river pass through and are also under the jurisdiction of the 108th united states congress ?
what currency is used where the currency ukraineian ukrainian karbovanets is used ?
what type of government is used in the country where filipino is the main language ?
what currency is accepted in the country that originated the switzerlander laufhund dog breed ?
what country owned by britain that is the location of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . ?
this form of government is currently used by australia and the kingdom of great britain . ?
name the actor that played none0 on a film that included crew member jason katz . ?
what illnesses were suffered by the political appointer who served as collector of the port of philadelphia ?
the isbn 9780140447521 refers to which niccolò machiavelli book ?
what books in the harry potter series were published after 1999-07-080 ?
what super bowl was won by the pittsburgh steelers and had the cowboys as runner up ?
who played stewie griffin 's voice in the tv program with the family guy theme song ?
what book has isbn 9780671028459 and was written by tupac ?
what starred ian somerhalder and included casting director dean e. fronk ?
what city is home to the uefa euro 2012 tournament and the publisher of a defense of ardor ?
name the actor who produced fun with dick and jane and also played james t . kirk . ?
what countries were involved in a conflict with south vietnam ?
what is the nametv show with actor shawnee smith and matt frewer movie ?
which person , who started pixar , said `` i want to put a ding in the universe . `` ?
who dated the actor who played sam schechter ?
what is the birthplace of the producer of hank plays cliff ?
what did the artist nominated for the the first television pictures from the moon award say on the moon ?
what currency do i need in the area where the granma newspaper is circulated ?
what english language movies has taylor lautner appeared in since 2011 ?
which school did the music producer of the don illuminati : the 7 day theory attend ?
what is the name of the tourist attraction located in houston , texas that is owned by parc management ?
who is the writer of teasure island that influenced conan doyle ?
what singer for pink floyd died on july 7th , 2006 ?
what movie was mario lopez in that had a prequel made called forgetting sarah marshall ?
what is the money system that contains the second level division for cephalonia use ?
in which locations did the president who gave the barack obama4 live ?
which state , which includes caldecott county , was the site of the siege of vicksburg ?
which state has the oldest state symbol and is the location of mount st. helens ?
what religion was founded by gautama buddha buddhisma and can be found in massachusetts ?
what movies in the hunger games series feature liam hemsworth ?
what politician was appointed by george w. bush and was a part of the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ?
which language invented by l. l. zamenhof is spoken by australians ?
what louisiana state university sports team did shaquille o'neal play for ?
what exhibition venue in none1 ontario opened after june 27 , 2008 ?
what countries border the country with a coat of arms of south africa ?
find the person who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and was buried in washington national cathedral after his death ?
name the type of currency used in the country that has nova roma in it . ?
which member of the boston celtics current roster was born in tacoma , washington ?
when did the los angeles lakers have a 4-0 record in the championship ?
which of matt boomer 's movies was released first ?
which movie has mario lopez acted in and is also part of the stop motion genre ?
who is the son of king henry viii of england that was buried in westminster abbey ?
what was the occupation of the subject in william shakespeare 's father 's house in stratford-upon-avon ?
where is the romansh language spoken and what is their currency ?
in what time zone do fresno city council members serve as government officials ?
what are the national teams of the country which has the coat of arms of philippines as its coat of arms ?
what country imports to the country that held the legislative session of the 5th new zealand parliament ?
what has ian somerhalder played in while wearing costumes designed by wendy partridge ?
what movie not only featured dean st. john as a crew member , but also starred tupac ?
what kind of government does nigherian breweries star beer manufacture in ?
who was king henry vii 's son who died from henry viii of england0 ?
who was the new none0 of the state that oversaw the 2010-2011 united states senate in florida ?
what killed the person who was the person william howard taft dedicated his work ?
where did the author of `` barack obama6 '' go to school ?
which state in the united states of america does bill richardson live ?
what character did the `` sometimes late at night '' music producer play in the wiz ?
who fought in gettysburg and had a combatant involved in battle of dinwiddie court house ?
what region of the world includes both brazil and north america '' -u ?
which sports teams founded after stan kroenke0 does stan kroenke own ?
what language spoken in iran also happens to be most spoken in the country of turkmenistan ?
what movies have featured the actor who played jacob black ?
which child in the kennedy family was an american football player ?
name the type of guitar played by the man who sings waiting on the world to change . ?
what else did the inventor of the thomas edison6 invent ?
find the country that speaks domari language , what other languages are spoken there ?
find the place the fiction character none8 lived , who is the senator of that state ?
what is the state flower of the state where the film `` truth be told '' takes place ?
which actress played lois lane in the film that was dedicated to dana reeve ?
what currency is used in the area under the government of thailand ?
which writers influenced the person who said `` henry fielding2 '' ?
which movie that kira roessier was a crew member on starred robert pattinson ?
which 2012 none7 2424 completed more than 8 passes ?
name the political parties of which the deputy mayor of new york city has been a member . ?
what indiana jones movie did kathleen kennedy produce ?
what office did abraham lincoln and patrick mcdonald held ?
what movie did taylor momsen play in and was edited by gus van sant ?
what actor portrays jacob black on a movie that includes stuart gavert as a crew member ?
which type of currency has replaced the brazilian brazilian cruzado ?
what type of government is used in both canada and the kingdom of prussia ?
what currency is used where the coat of arms is the seal of the mexico ?
what was owned by the litigant of the michael jackson case ?
in what years has the sports team that plays in pitt stadium won the super bowl ?
what governments do libya and dominica have ?
what political party did the president of the 2012 state of the union belong to ?
what currency should i take with me to the country hit by cyclone hollanda ?
what is the name of the state governed by the washington state senate and the location of the mount st. helens volcano ?
for what is the inventor of mark twain 's scrapbook well-known ?
what state has the mockingbird as the official symbol and was home to the siege of vicksburg ?
what is the school where the herbert irving comprehensive cancer center is located and where barack obama attended ?
what are the other discoveries of the person who advised roger cotes academically ?
who plays bella in the movie with keys hyatt ?
the person who said `` iraq had wmds in 2003 '' is from where ?
the attorney general for australia belong to which political party ?
what language is spoken in the country where nema language is used ?
what type of government can be found in both dominica and germany ?
in what style did the artist who created the series three musicians typically paint ?
what political system do south africa and and dominica have ?
where was the subject of the film `` the political theodore lesieg '' educated ?
what year did miami heat win the championship with a final score of 4-1 ?
what other language is spoken in the place that speaks timor-leste4 ?
what religion believes in the holy spirit and included member james k. polk ?
what political party does the associate director , white house office of public liason belong to ?
what country does the body that runs under krk bridge border ?
who was once influenced by girar girard desargues and went on to influence samuel taylor ?
the area with the official symbol of kansas0 is in what time zone ?
name the man who taught leonardo da vinci before passing away in venice . ?
which teams that deion sanders played none4 for also have a designated hitter on their roster ?
what is the currency of the jurisdiction ruled by the government where the governor-general of the philippiness holds office ?
what niccolò machiavelli book has the earliest publication date ?
which states all touch the body of water that is spanned by hermann bridge ?
which if king henry viii of england 's three children were buried in westminster abbey ?
what is the currency of the country that guangzhou zhu jiang brewery operates from ?
in the trial of michael jackson case movies what 's the names of the litigant ?
what is the most recently established award won by louis sachar ?
what language is spoken in the country where the government has a position of member of the althing ?
in which continent does a member of the parliament of south africa serve ?
what is the name of the steve saklad designed film which starred ashley greene ?
what films starring taylor lautner have soundtracks composed by john debney ?
where is the university of the rockies in a country where you 'd also find el paso county ?
what company publishes the wall street journal and acquired mushroom records ?
what is the government type in the country with the coat of arms that is the seal of the mexico ?
who was the person that died from pneumonia that inspired vincent van gogh ?
where is the place which the fictional character fiona coyne 's town gets it 's water from ?
what currency is used in the place where the canchim breed originated ?
in what years did 1953 world series6 sports teams win championships ?
over the rainbow is the theme music to what television program staring miller wentworth ?
what lake reservoir to see in revelstoke ?
which member of congress influenced abraham lincoln to become president ?
what city 's sports team plays in little havana ?
what county speaks arabic language is also the place where the fictional universe jojo 's bizarre adventure based on ?
what are the national sports teams in the country where the government of puerto rico is in place ?
what language is code xloj in the rosetta project and is also the language australians general speak ?
the political overseers that work in the cleveland city counsel are in what time zone ?
which of jane austen book 's are movies of 103.0 minutes long ?
which language is spoken by the ethnic group that includes the jewish people of nicaragua ?
in the region in which the government gazette is in circulation , what language is commonly spoken ?
for what movies did charlie hunnam receive nominations for the the role of inman ?
what is the timezone that has the symbol of labor omnia vincit ?
what currency is used in both panama and the british virgin islands ?
where do both asiana airlines and aer lingus airline fly into ?
who was the spouse of betty white who died from stomach cancer ?
what is the earliest-founded sports team that cristiano ronaldo played for in 2011 ?
which amusement park in panama city beach , fl opens earliest ?
what language is spoken in the place where the government is called government of ukraine ?
what tourist attractions are in the place where sam houston race park6 texas hold a governmental office ?
who were the people that inspired the producer of sometimes late at night to become a singer ?
what catholic influenced sir authur conan doyle ?
what movie with the sequel `` g.i . joe : retaliation '' was leo howard in ?
find the area affected by hurricane frank , what is the name of the currency used there ?
what countries with calling codes over 226 speak french as a first language ?
which american league baseball sports team plays in new york ?
who was the speaker that spoke about the berlin wall and how many siblings did he have ?
which edward norton edited film stars kat dennigs ?
find the lead actor in wiz on down the road , what property did they own ?
what is the name of the language invented by l. l. zamenhof , that is spoken in australia ?
what language , found in the fictional universe buffyverse , do people from guam also speak ?
who was betty white 's husband that played the character game show host ?
the rivers that flows through sesheke ends where ?
who was the vice president of the person whom william howard taft dedicated his work to when he passed ?
what year did the little havana baseball team with the world series ?
what amusement park in hong kong has the mickey 's waterworks ride ?
who was the first person the theatrical composer aida marriage ?
find the company that bought converse , what country do they do bunited states of americainess in ?
what movie based off a jane aunited states of americatin book featured ian whittaker ?
what madonna film includes the song , `` only the young '' ?
who was featured in both the film eve and as princess padme ?
what character in cars does the actor play who played michael keaton0 ?
who has dated taylor swift and is the actor who portrayed the character trent ?
which actor played kirk and contributed to the storyline for the none0 film ?
what government systems are employed where the currency argentina argentina0 is used ?
what movies starring quentin tarantino had a prequel named el mariachi ?
who is the actor from the film jodelle ferland0 ?
liverpool8 england has what official symbol ?
what does donald trump own that is located in the city of manhattan ?
what main tourist attractions should i visit in venice within the central european time zone ?
what is the predominant tongue used in the nation that 's the site of pemambuco ?
what time zone is in the us state with capital named lincoln ?
what team with head coach rick carlisle did jason kidd play for ?
the country that contains philippines0 has how many languages ?
which team for which albert pujols plays is the organization that won the 2002 world series championship ?
south hwanghae province is part of the country with what government system ?
the country that contains limpopo exports to which countries ?
what form of political system is used in the country that imports from zimbabwe ?
what type of religion uses the buddhism4 holy book ?
what type of government does the country that has national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady have ?
what was the city that hosted the 1960 summer olympics named for ?
what was discovered about the atomic structure by the person who attended gammelholm grammar school ?
in the movie that has a character with the name of none6 who plays roxanne ?
what things were founded by the person who went to gloria steinem6 ?
who is the mother of the artist who went on last girl on earth tour ?
what role in none2 band was played the memebr whose school education included joseph williams junior school ?
what is the dominant language in the country that contains haifa district ?
what are things to do and see in san diego , california ?
the location that appointed dmitry medvedev to govermental position has what predominant religions ?
in which year did the athletic organization that claimed victory in the 1994 nba finals win its first championship ?
the country with the national anthem lijepa naša domovino domonivo uses what type of currency ?
the country with the national anthem of the islamic republic of iran has what type of political system ?
what type of government does the county that contains kaesong have ?
who was the leader of the country that uses cuban cuban convertible peso in 2012 ?
which city placed in the pacific time zone did robin williams live in in 2011 ?
what european country in the balkans uses the macedonian denar as domestic trading currency ?
where is the country that has national anthem of el salvador ?
homer the mascot 's team won the world series in which years ?
which country that new zealand exports to is funafuti the capital of ?
which continent is the nation that has himno nacional mexicano as its national anthem located in ?
what city is the mls cup 2007 championship team from ?
who coached the champion of the 1996 super bowl vi ?
what is the capital city of the country that imported from greece ?
the country of north korea has what form of government ?
what is the type of currency where the national anthem is shche ne vmeria ukrainea ?
what is the current none2 of the state that appointed jeb bush as the none2 during the year 2011 ?
which languages are spoken in the country , that has the national anthem , scotland the brave ?
where did charlton heston live in the pacific time zone ?
what are the movies that the artist who had the `` none4 '' has been in ?
what major religions are in the country with dmitry medvedev as a government official ?
what form of government is run in the country where antonis samaras is in government ?
when did the champion of the 1983 world series win the pennant ?
in the country that uses the brazilian real as currency , what is the official spoken language ?
which languages are spoken in the country with the national anthem majulah sinapura ?
what country did czechoslovakia become whose capital is bratislava ?
what actor played obi-wan kenobi kenobi in the film which has a character called sachã© ?
what continent within the eastern time zone is home to honduras ?
who did the president with addison 's disease marriage ?
which us state holds the university of alabama and has a capital of montgomery ?
what form of government is used in the country that uses brazilian real as its currency ?
what other sacred texts are used in the religion that venerates the päli canon as a holy book ?
the national anthem burundi bwacu is from what country ?
where is the state whose capital is columbia located ?
what religion has a place of worship named wat in thailand ?
in the country with buenos aires in it , what languages are spoken ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to govermental position today has what leader ?
what religion with religious organization named sanhedrin does george soros believe in ?
what does gmetr trade receivables llc 's child company make ?
what items are imported and exported from the country with national anthem afghan national anthem ?
what kind of money is used in the country that has the thai national anthem ?
what university with the mascot `` yale university handsome dan '' did james franco attend ?
when did the sports team owned by edward p. roski most recently win the stanley cup ?
who was the president of the organization that martin schulz was part of in 2011 ?
what art styles were painted by the perosn who illustrated the book pablo picasso '' -u4 ?
where was the uefa euro 2012 tournament held in the central european time zone ?
what player who started his career latest did the cleveland cavaliers draft ?
where did johann sebastian bach live in the central european time zone ?
what european union country speaking german is also home to aarhus county ?
who played quarterback in 2012 for the sports team whose mascot is named none2 ?
what sports team owned by charles barkley0 did charles barkley play for ?
who was the vice president of the president educated at edward devotion school ?
which language is spoken in the country , that includes , the lopburi province ?
which city is the team that has a mascot called sluggerrr from ?
what language is used in the country that uses renminbi as currency ?
the country where san pedro de macorís province is located uses what type of currency ?
who is the head coach of the team that won the super bowl xi championship ?
what are places to go in the location of the duisburg airport ?
this team mascot is named rise but where do they play ?
what location did the person die who once lived in downe , kent ?
what team that won the 1980 nba finals championship did matt barnes play for ?
in the country that uses the ethiopian birr , who is the current prime minister '' -g ?
what language is spoken in the country that has taipei ?
where did the famous person who went to al-thager model school get killed ?
which type system of government does the country that has the national anthem , aegukga , utilize ?
what educational institution with sports team named university of oxfordniversity rfc did theodore lesieg attend ?
who owned envi in 2011 ?
what is the currency used in the country with the cuban cuban convertible peso ?
the country with the capital of santiago has what type of government ?
who were the presidents of the country that has president8 ?
who did terrell owens play for in 2010 , where the sports team owner is mike brown ?
what team did grover cleveland alexander play for and won the world series in 2008 ?
when did the notable person who learned at the educational institution of emsley a. laney high school get drafted ?
what year did the team owned by philip anschutz win the cup ?
what team is owned by none0 and inlcudes jason kidd as an alumni ?
the country that contains krasnodar krai has what major religions ?
what holidays are in the religion god in islam ?
what is team owner leslie alexander 's sports team mascot ?
the tv show nbc nightside was filmed in what city where the nascar hall of fame is ?
what country speaks arabic language and is the place that appointed abdullah ii of jordan to a governmental position ?
what location appointed president to governmental position ?
what type of money is used where the nijmegen airport is ?
the location that appointed vladimir putin to governmental position has what religions ?
who is the representatives from colorado who started his government carer the earliest ?
the country that has the national anthem national anthem of russia has what type of political system ?
what is the language spoken by the most people in the nation whose national anthem is argentine national anthem ?
the uweekly newspaper is of which educational institution jesse owens attended ?
what arabic language-speaking country uses the lebanese pound currency ?
what languages are spoken in the country that has national anthem swiss psalm ?
in what years has the sports team that won the 2004 world series championship won the world series ?
where in the country with capital city saint-pierre that appalachian mountains run through ?
what educational institution thath has the nassau weekly newspaper did obama graduate from ?
the person who once lived in white house studied what in school ?
which nation whose currency is the cfp franc is part of the united nations security council ?
which currency is used in the country that contains northern cyprus ?
which country with the capital lisbon does mexico trade with ?
what is the official language of the country whose capital is brussels ?
the country tunisian dinar uuses what type of currency ?
who held his governmental position from earliest and was the general for the british in the american revolutionary war ?
where is german spoken that contains an airport that serves the kleve district ?
what religion in australia that believes in the book of nehemiah ?
what country uses euros as its main currency and contains an airport that serves mijmegen ?
what city is the educational institution that thomas r. gold graduated from located in ?
in what movies did a famous person who once lived in marin city star ?
the nation that utilizes the new taiwan dollar as its mode of currency uses which language for communication ?
which nation has chinese as its language and is where national people 's congress was appointed to a governmental position ?
people from the country that contains trelawny parish speak what language ( s ) ?
what character did the actor who went to henry d. perry middle school play in the movie the corpse bride ?
what spoken language is used in the country with national anthem called bilady , bilady , bilady ?
who is the louisiana state senator that got in to the government the earliest ?
what school did michael jordan attend with a sports team called the north carolina tar hells ?
which area was the country that has the imperial anthems of the ottoman empire based on ?
what is the capital in the country where limpopo is ?
when did the sports team owned by john c. malone win the world series ?
who was the first lady of the president who attended edward devotion school ?
what years did the team who won the 1970 nba finals win championships ?
when was the last time the champion of the 1959 world series win a championship ?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by james mcnerney ?
in the nation that uses the national anthem titled valiant quisqueyans , what form of currency is used ?
people from the country with the national anthem noble patria , tu hermosa bandera speak what languages ?
what country with a capital of luanda does the uk trade with ?
who fought in the gulf war in 1991 and has easter catholic churches as its religious leadership ?
what sports team owned by mark cuban did lamar odom play for in 2012 ?
rio de janeiro 's country uses what currency ?
what are the speaking languages in the country with national anthem called majulah singapura ?
the person who went to education institution none0 received his bachelor 's degree from what university ?
the country with the national anthem himno istmeã±o has what type of currency ?
what form of government does the country with the capital called nassau have ?
the country that contains tabasco would require me to bring what currency ?
what form of government is used in the country with brazilian real as its currency ?
what place was the located of the tv show `` the bride with white hair '' ?
where in the world in the country that has the national anthem anthem of honduras located ?
where in the central time zone is the location of victoria british columbia ?
what city does rynair fly to in the western european time zone '' -u zone ?
ankara is capital of the country in what region ?
where does bradley walsh live in the eastern time zone ?
the country with brazzaville in it has what as its currency ?
which languages are spoken so that the country contains the haifa district ?
where is portuguese spoken in the central time zone ?
in the country with mae hong son province , what language does the people speak ?
child organization tazo operates in what market ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to govermental position has what official language ?
the country that uses the currency the argentina peso has what type of government system ?
who were the falcons quarterbacks in 2012 who started their career after 2001 ?
what type of government do they have where al sharqia governorate is ?
what city is the brach organization of the united nations general aasembly located in ?
what did the architect who designed ragley hall discover ?
where is turkeykish spoke in the eastern european time zone ?
what university is barack obama an alumni of , and also is represented by the columbia lions softball team ?
what year was the world series won by the team whose mascot is named rally ?
what current is used in the country with national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady ?
what educational institution with the harvard law school record newspaper was barack obama supposedly educated at ?
the person who once livevd in marin city went to which schools ?
what did the actor who lived in argentine , kansas play in lord of the rings ?
child organization pixar canada was started by whom ?
what team owned by larry dolan did manny ramirez play for ?
what religions are in the country that uses argentina peso ?
what sports team with the fight song seven nation army did michael oher play for in 2009 ?
who succeed the president known for having addison 's disease after his death ?
the person who attended education institution glee encore0 has been in what movies ?
in the country that has ekiti state in it , what type of government is used ?
in which time zone is the country whose capital is nassau located ?
where did robin williams reside in 2011 and is also the place where willie brown was put in a government post ?
what was the name of the wright brothers plane that had the earliest maiden flight ?
what spoken languages are used in the country that has buenos aires ?
who is the president of the nation where the brazilian real is used ?
where does the sports team owned by ken kendrick play at ?
what division was the team that won the super bowl xli ?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow that worship in the church ?
in the movie the includes ms. cope as a character , who plays bella ?
concert tour named hannah montana : world tour 2010/2011 's artist attended what elementary school ?
what zoo in downtown chicago opened latest ?
what is one of the four official languages spoken in the nation where you 'd find ekiti state ?
the location that appointed david walters to governmental position is in what time zone ?
nike international ltd is a child organization based in what country ?
what type of government is there where rio de janeiro is ?
the country with the national anthem valiant quisqueyans uses what kind of currency ?
what is the official language spoken where the show `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed ?
bitola is located in which nation that is situated in the balkans ?
what english speaking country that has the capital dublin ?
the person who once lived in long beach is nicolas cage0 to whom ?
the country that contains pernambuco has what type of government ?
what is the name of the home park where the baseball team with a mascot called southpaw plays ?
which type of government does the country that has the national anthem , le mali empire , utilize ?
who are the coaches of the sports team that 's owned by vancouver canucks sports & entertainment ?
what american south includes the port st. lucie has a governor named charlie crist ?
what is the home city of the champion of the 2010 world series championship ?
the people who pray to the religious text of the quran are praying to whom ?
which religion in thailand , where the religions belief is saá¹sära ?
what team won the 1948 stanley cup finals championship ?
what location with the university of oxfordniversity ice hockey club is where robert hooke got his education ?
what continental central time zone is home to honduras ?
who is the star of the film that has a character named none0 ?
what european union countries within the eastern european time zone uses the euro as main trade currency ?
what is the location that appointed ismaã¯l omar guelleh to governmental position and china 's trading partner ?
where was the location that appointed vincent c. gray to governmental position and also where kennedy 's inaugural address took place ?
what contribution to science did the architect who designed the ragley hall made in 1665 ?
where is the location of european unionropean council headquarters ?
what form of money is used in the country where the mae hong son province is located ?
the country that contains la guajira department is located in what country ?
what country did czech republicslovakia become that uses the czech koruna as currency ?
who is now the leader of the country whose national anthem is humat ad-diyar ?
which asian country home to mount everest calls beijing its capital city ?
which theories were the person who once resided in the galileo galilei2 known for ?
what spoken languages are used in the country with balochistan , pakistan ?
in which time zone is the state with the capital named lansing located ?
who coached the team whose fight song is none0 ?
what country containing setubal district does mexico trade with ?
where with men 's basketball sports team named university of california , los angeles bruins did jackie robinson go to ?
what german speaking country that has airport that have flights to nijmegen ?
what italian speaking south american country contains federal district jurisdictions ?
who was the falcons quarterback in 2012 that started his career the earliest ?
when was the last championship won by the team that won the 1989 nba finals championship ?
in which years did the organization that claimed victory in the 1970 world series also win the world series ?
what state does the missouri river touch in the central time zone ?
what massachusetts religion has religious text named shulchan aruch ?
what are two major religions in canada that follow none0 ?
the nation where lopburi province is located has which mode of currency ?
funchal is the capital of what place ?
who fought in the gulf war and is a country that contains basra governorate ?
the organization with leadership curt frye is from where ?
the country that has the national anthem jamaica , land we love would require me to take what type of currency ?
what currency is used in the region that produces retsina wine ?
what state is the university who 's sports team are cherred on by the mascot `` george washington university george `` ?
what years did the team with the mascot named lou sea won the world series ?
what is the state where mike johanns holds a government position that touches the missouri river ?
which types of government are present where the unit of currency is the saudi arabia riyal ?
which nations in the central european time zone were controlled by the house of habsburg ?
where is the country that uses the currency azerbaijani manat ?
where in the world would you find the country that used the sultani as its money ?
columbia lions softball is an athletic squad at which school where barack obama studies ?
which country that uses the cfp franc was in the 1991 gulf war ?
what player ( s ) who started their career on or after none2 where drafted by the none3 ?
the artist who headlined the history world tour has children with which names ?
in what city that hosted the 1904 summer olympics did tennessee williams live ?
what religion includes the order of saint benedict and was observed by mary todd lincoln ?
what religion with sacred site named jerusalem does george soros believe in ?
what is the capital city of the country that used albanian lek for money ?
which political party is represented by the person who formerly had a residence in the white house ?
what language is spoken in the country with the lopburi province ?
the person who once lived in marin city was signed to whom ?
what country did maria theresa rule that has pã©cs ?
the people from the country that uses the currency fijian dollar speak what languages ?
what museum established in or after 1879 is a good hang out in chicago ?
who is the actor that played cruella de vil in the film that has a character who 's a passenger at the station ?
in the movie that includes flamboyant boy as a character , which actress played amy squirrel ?
which team did steve nash play for who has the suns gorilla mascot ?
who has the artist that had the concert tour called the circus marriage ?
what team with mascot named champ is lamar odom playing for this year ?
what player started his career after 1982 and was a vancouver canucks coach ?
which languages are used by residents of the country with switzerland palm as its national anthem ?
what nation on the united nations security council is the location where `` the bride with white hair '' was filmed ?
what is the currency in the country that has a `` la la borinqueña '' national anthem ?
tthe person who attended burleson high school education institution signed with what record labels ?
new providence is in what country that experienced hurricane irene ?
where was barack obama educated , where the institution 's newspaper is the columbia daily spectator ?
in which years did the team with a mascot known as hooper win nba titles ?
where was the siege of vicksburg held in the central time zone ?
what type of money is used where corfu is ?
edinburgh is the capital of which england-bordering country ?
the country that contains federation of bosnia and herzegovina is located where ?
what is the team mascot of the university that includes sus ursitti as a grad student ?
what team won the world series in 1975 and had deion sanders on its roster ?
the country that uses the jamaican dollar has what dominant language ?
who was the 2005 head coach for the team that uses `` renegade '' as a fight song ?
which nation is a part of great britain and has cardiff as a capital ?
what city houses the headquarters of the president of european unionropean parliament ?
in what location whose currency is the dominican peso is the best place to take a vacation ?
what celebrity who is a notable figure who has the medical condition attention deficit hyperactivity disorder has dated brody jenner ?
what college did martin luther king , jr. jr. attend that publishes the newspaper the daily free press ?
what years did the sports team owned by john c. malone win the world series ?
what type of currency is used in the country with capital city called port louis ?
in the movie with the character `` serena korgen '' who plays terminator salvation0 ?
what is the current form of government where krasondar krai is located ?
where with columbia daily spectator newspaper did barack obama supposedly go to school ?
what is a fun activity to do in bangkok if you only have one day there ?
what team did howie long play for that won the 1967 american football league championship game ?
who held government posts since senator8 and are senators from kansas in 2013 ?
where is the location the th country that contains cuanza norte province ?
which senators from the state of utah held this post united states senator '' -g4 ?
where is portuguese spoken where the capital is brazilia ?
what language is used in the cuntry where the capital is nicosia ?
who did jason kidd play for that won the 1973 nba finals championship ?
the person who once lived in henri matisse2-cambrã©sis is what type of artist ?
what college did george washington attend that has a sports team iowa state universityate cyclones men 's basketball ?
what currency is used in the country with capital of santo domingo ?
where is the location of the organization of sidney a. ribeau ?
what movies does the actor who went to shorts2 play in ?
what football team owned by jeffrey lurie did john madden play for ?
what is the spoken language used in the country that uses brazilian real ?
where is the college with mascot auburn university auburn university0 located at ?
what time zone is in the place where bruce babbitt was appointed to a government position ?
where is the school with a grad student named greg l. adams located ?
what geographic region is the capital city united arab emirates2 located ?
the country that has the national anthem god defend new zealand uses what currency ?
where on the map is the country using the burundian franc currency ?
what was the occupation of the famous person who lived in bertioga ?
what countries did queen elizabeth ii rule in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
what team had rasheed wallace that won the 2004 nba finals ?
when is the most recent time the sports team whose fight song is `` meet the new york mets '' won the world series ?
what pacific time zone university did clay matthews go to school ?
who is the kicker of the sports franchise that is owned by arthur blank ?
what is the capital of the country with the national anthem sri lanka matha ?
what do they worship in the religion that believes in sharia ?
the country that contains corfu uses what languages ?
what type of currency is used in the country with tarapacã¡ region ?
what is the pyongyang country capital government system ?
who held his governmental position after june 8 , 2010 and is japan 2011 prime minister '' -g ?
what style of music performed by the artist that went on this is it tour ?
in the country where the currency used is the icelandic krã³na , what language do people speak ?
the region that named china4 to a post in the government is part of which international organizations ?
what state does george washington university located in ?
what state whose capital is montgomery is where the university of west alabama is located ?
the song angola avante is the national anthem in a country on which continent ?
what country with the capital of baghdad do they speak persian language ?
what country does converse operate in ?
which team owned by steve bisciotti did jim harbaugh play for ?
what educational institution with the daily free press newspaper did martin luther king , jr. go to ?
who are the leaders of the country that uses north korean won as currency ?
the location that appointed vã¡clav klaus to governmental position has what type of government ?
who illustrated `` de divina proportione '' and influenced niccolo niccolò machiavelli ?
what film with character named randall flagg and has tv shows taped in new york ?
what team owned by rocky wirtz was in the 2010 stanley cup finals ?
who are the current coaches of the sports team that won the 1964 european cup final championship ?
where did hurricane irene hit in the utc−04:00:00 time zone ?
the country with the national anthem allahu akbar is part of what political system ?
where was the first gulf war fought where the capital is jerusalem ?
which countries does the country , that includes the none6 , export to ?
in which sports organization did team owner alex spanos start out ?
what types of land are located in the nation with the national anthem peninsula2 ?
what sites are viewed as sacred by those who practice the religion associated with the kushinagar holy book ?
robert e jordan is part of the organization started by whom ?
in which season did the player who was educated at robert g. cole junior-senior high school debut in the nba ?
what location contains an airport that serves nijmegen and where turkish people originated ?
who portrayed the character cruella de vil in the movie featuring a character called taxi driver in black and white dots ?
when did the sports team who won the 2007–08 premier league championship have their first victory ?
what is the political system where anwar sadat holds a government position ?
where was the susquehannah case and where glastonbury is located ?
what movie did nick cannon play in that was decorated by gary fettis ?
which language is spoken at the location , where gull dong breed originated at ?
what are the major religions are there in the military combatant involved in the battle of kulikovo ?
for what movies did the subject of the image `` sally field 1990 '' win an oscar ?
who plays in the movie that ian michael smith acted in ?
on what teams did the person featured in the movie `` king 's ransom '' play ?
what cit was the famous person who quoted `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . '' shot in ?
what movie with music by edward shearmur was taylor lautner in ?
in what folklore piece was willy wonka a character ?
what college in nashville did jay cutler attend ?
which character does the person who was aaron corbett play in `` 24 '' ?
what airport is nearest to downtown in the governmental jurisdiction where toronto0 holds a governmental office ?
who was the wife of the nominee for `` why i oppose the war in vietnam ? `` ?
what places are there to visit in the area where the miami new times is circulated ?
what writer , who influenced charles dickens , wrote the story for the film `` rip van winkle '' ?
in what area is the newspaper ta kung pao circulated ?
what disease did the person that said `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend . '' have ?
what was the cause of death of the actress that was in the movie `` golden gate girl '' ?
which airport is at the location where the neighborhood 7th arrondissement is ?
who was the latest prime minister of canada in 1993 to end their government position ?
where was the artist that was award nominated , for double fantasy , standing when he was shot ?
which time zone is the picture of colorado springs with front page in the background in ?
which of the states that had a governmental location symbol that was adapted after 1933 touch the missouri river ?
which movie did james frey write , that was produced by largo entertainment ?
at which location , did wassily kandinsky work , and assisted in influencing , erich mendelsohn ?
of king henry 's wives , the wife with the earliest death that was decapitation ?
what nation involved in the none9 is the political division that hosted the legislative session of the 4th australian parliament ?
who is the current none0 of the country where thomas mackenew zealandie is in office ?
who did the artist , award nominated for michael j. fox0 , marriage ?
of the states , that are included in midwestern united states us , which have a governmental jurisdiction location symbol , that was latest adapted ?
what did the speaker of the 2012 state of the union address study in school ?
where is german spoken that has the smallest army ?
who were the parents of the subject of the movie `` the boy king '' ?
what is the name of the official language where jamaican english is spoken ?
who did the actor that was in the film , blues legends : the blues , marriage ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board , and is the politician that ended his/her government position after december 31,1932 ?
what language is spoken in the philippines that is found in the fictional `` tortall universe ? `` ?
what awards have been won by the actor who played none2 ?
of the vice presidents who served under abraham lincoln , which one has the earliest death date ?
who marriage the person who said `` authority poisons everybody who takes authority on himself . `` ?
what coins are used in the place where the telomian breed originated ?
what country in north america '' -u has a parliamentary republic ?
what language do ukraineian people speak that belongs to the finno-ugric languages family ?
which languages are spoken at the location , where the breed arabic language8 , originated ?
what team was the subject of the film `` the band that would n't die '' and who jim harbaugh played for ?
what movie starring quentin tarantino that was directed by takashi miike ?
which 2013 senators from none1 were a part of the 111th united states congress ?
who was the vice president of the subject of the film richard ?
what movie edited by jim clark was taylor lautner in ?
what condition does the actor who portrays jay-jay manners have ?
what is there to do in daytona beach ?
what movies starring nick cannon were released after 06-06-2004 ?
what type of currency is used where the breed egyptian mau originated in have ?
which of the many indiana jones movies were directed by troy sizemore ?
in which state is the nascar hall of fame , as well as the administrative division in the country of united states of america ?
what country with the internet domain of new zealand that exports to japan ?
what language is spoken in the place depicted in the image `` carte physique de l'islande '' ?
what languages are spoken in the country where newspaper brazil em folhas is circulated ?
what languages are spoken in the region where the heute newspaper is circulated ?
where does the actor from `` light dance '' live ?
what religion recognized in canada is the religion founded by john calvin ?
what time zone is the country where `` holiday in the sun '' was filmed in ?
what kind of money should you take when you visit the location that includes the second level division samsun province ?
what character is being played in `` perks of being a wallflower '' by the actor who played the character tall girl in bathroom ?
who married the author who published editions for `` poor richard 's almanac of 1735 '' ?
what type of currency does the place where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is made have ?
what is the last year that the cleveland indians went to the world series ?
on what 2 continents can you find istanbul province ?
which of the schools sir isaac newton attended is the organization that was founded most recently ?
which of michael jackson 's siblings was nominated for the grammy award for album of the year ?
what school did the actor in the movie `` jeff dunham : controlled chaos '' attend ?
what is the currency in the nation where the federal government of mexico is located ?
what languages spoken in germany belong to the west germanic languages family ?
which country exports to algeria and has turkeykish as its language ?
what was the movie that followed the twilight saga : new moon starring taylor lautner as a sequel ?
what kind of money circulates in the birthplace of the mexican hairless dog breed ?
which inspirational figure in lincoln 's life is buried in english cemetery in florence ?
what country does china border that has a top internet level domain of bt ?
what person who was the subject of the film `` the death of edgar allan poe '' influenced arthur conan doyle ?
to what jurisdiction does the northern ireland assembly belong ?
what language does the place where the government of peru is located at speak ?
what official currency is used in the country where athenian brewery s.a. alfa hellenic beer beer is brewed ?
who is the spouse of the actor who played ava 's therapist ?
what languages are spoken in the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is made ?
which three subjects did the author who published editions for two new sciences become famous ?
what 's the capital of the country where al ahram beverages co and stella beer is manufactured ?
which language is spoken in the country that speak rusyn ?
can you tell me what the actor who played sammy davis , jr.0 died of ?
when the subject of the picture `` john lennons_by_jack_mitchell.jpg '' was shot , where was he standing ?
where did the person who the movie `` ned '' is about grow up with his family ?
what time zone is used in the place featured in the image `` flinders view of port jackson taken from south head gmt '' ?
what are tourist attractions in the area where phoenix new times is circulated ?
who wrote arthur 's teacher trouble , and also created arthur ?
what currency does the place where the `` royal thai government gazette '' is circulated use ?
what ron howard film featured the decorating of merideth boswell ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for brasserie des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer ?
where did the author who published , the correspondence of charles darwin , volume 12 , die at ?
what currency is used in the country where obolon zhigul beer is produced ?
what is the modern capital of the country where al ahram beverages co. stella beer is produced ?
what type of government is sued in places such as abkhazia and chile ?
which country with a coat of arms is the origin of the flemish people ?
in which film cast by cathy sandrich did taylor momsen appear ?
which language is spoken in the country where the bosnia and herzegovina course-haired hound breed of dog originated ?
what attractions can a visitor see if they are visiting the place where the film art institute of chicago0 was located ?
what is the language of the government where the title of prime minister of jamaica is held ?
what home of the seneca people is the birthplace of the fictional character kendra mason ?
what was the topic of the movie , marilyn monroe4 , known for ?
what is the language spoken in the country the akbash dog comes from ?
what languages are used in the country where ga is a spoken language ?
where did kennedy 's inauguration address and social network was invented ?
what drug/substances did the actor that starred in the film amy fisher story used that landed her/him in rehab ?
what language is used in switzerland that is the language in hell fictional universe ?
who played the fictional character , that is the parent , of jem finch , in the film ?
what movie did ron howard direct that was nominated for an award with the description `` based on the book by dr. seuss '' ?
what are the tourist attractions to sydney , australis that were opened after sydney6 ?
who is the ruler where the dogo cubano started in 2012 ?
what 's the location , where the governmental jurisdiction , that has the position titled , governor-general of jamaica language called ?
what j.j. abrams directed movies were edited by maryann brandon ?
who is the none0 of the country with mäori as its spoken language ?
when searching thriller movies , name all movies taylor lautner has been in . ?
what us state include the florida attorney general in their government and has port st. john 's as a city ?
in 2010 , who served as senator in the geographic region where the movie `` none0 '' is set ?
what indiana jones movies were casted by mary selway ?
of judy garland 's husbands , which person died first ?
which food market does starbucks operate in that is a jewish cuisine ?
which united kingdom countries have the english language as an official language ?
what is the state flower where the united states senate election in colorado was held in 2010 ?
which tv show with the most seasons was shawnee smith in ?
what are attractions in the area in england that has a government office holder named albert dock6 ?
in which city , does the actor that was the character , waterpark girl , live in 2010 to currently ?
in which serbian speaking countries is sarajevo located ?
where is the film gallipoli and flemish people from ?
what art genres did the subject of the `` surviving pablo picasso '' -u '' movie paint in ?
who was the voice actor of the character who was born in tatooine ?
what form of government does the country that speaks pidgin , nigerian language have ?
what film was written by takashi shimizu and starrted jenna dewan ?
what earliest sports team did terrell owens play for in 2010 ?
what the name of the father of an actor who appeared in the movie money talks 2 ?
what did the actor from `` dallas reunion : the return to southfork '' die of ?
what style of art is practiced by the person who said `` a good picture is equivalent to a good deed '' ?
what dialects are spoken in the nation in which thy limfjordsporter beer is manufactured ?
where was the artist nominated for `` starships '' born ?
where was the person who said `` there are no second acts in american lives '' educated at ?
which type of currency , is utilized in the country , where the domari language is spoken ?
where did the author of `` the cask of amontillado '' die ?
what nbcuniversal owned tourist attraction can be visited in orlando , florida ?
what kind of music does the composer of `` maple leaf rag '' do ?
what movie did the author of `` notes from my travels '' direct ?
what language is spoken in the area where the newspaper scottish socialist voice is circulated ?
what is the money called in the birthplace of the fila brazileiro breed ?
in what event that ended latest did lamar odom play for the los angeles clippers ?
what kind of government do both canadians and brits have ?
who is the louisiana state senator , with their title , associate justice of the supreme court of the united states ?
who did the person that stated , `` i played by the rules of politics as i found them . `` , marriage ?
which currency is accepted , at the location , where the breed huntaway , originated at ?
who marriage that actor who played le jeune prince ?
what kind of books does the author of `` none4 '' write ?
which president is deceased and was the author of profiles in courage ?
where was the politician educated , that held the government position , none0 ?
of the countries that mexico is trading partnets with , which one has the smallest army ?
what disease did the subject of the film `` michael jackson 's this is it '' suffer from ?
which languages are spoken , in the country , where the guanche language is spoken ?
what country produces the beer carlow brewing company o'hara 's celebration stout and uses the euro as currency ?
who is the earliest buried person who influenced arthur conan doyle ?
what langauges are spoken in the nation that originated the molossus breed ?
what persian language speaking country is the subject of the film rapping in tehran ?
which city is the hometown of the main subject of the film the secret life of leonardo da vinci ?
what tv series starring mark harmon has the most episodes ?
which people inspired the subject of the movie gore vidal 's lincoln to aspire to the presidency ?
what film featuring ashley green has a squel called `` the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 ? `` ?
what movie , decorated by alyssa winter , did tupac play in ?
which major religion is practiced in governmental body named , israeli ministry of defense ?
what movie written by katherine fugate was taylor lautner in ?
what are the best things to do in the area where the newspaper san diego zoo safari park0 circulates ?
what are the sports in the country that speaks the cebuano language ?
who does the actor that played hank azaria8 voice on the simpsons ?
what universal studios produced movie did kat dennings star in ?
what person is the subject focues on in the movie `` leonardo teacher '' ?
what language is spoken in the jurisdiction where david shearer is an office holder ?
what countries have a calling code greater than 229 and as french as one of their languages ?
where did robert boyle student that had the largest number of postgraduates ?
what is the main language spoken in the place where the entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog breed originated in ?
what city is at once associated with president barack obama 's current residence and with the emancipation commemoration commission ?
which countries were ruled by the subject in the image `` elizabeth ii in 2007 ? `` ?
where did robert f. kennedy attend university , that has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
which politician that resigned from his position after secretary of state6 was the secretary of state while none5 was president ?
which religion did the ottoman turks follow , it appeared in the movie , first class discipleship ?
what kind of currency does the country where desnoes & geddes red stripe lager beer is made use ?
who is the current leader of the country that the cubalaya breed comes from ?
what colleges with number of postgraduates greater than 1686 did theodore lesieg attend ?
in which films with production design by nelson coates does liam hemsworth appear ?
which languages are spoken at the location in which the newspaper , the straits times is circulated ?
where did the actor who played in the movie `` recognition of the japanese zero fighter '' pass away ?
what language is spoken in the location of the movie `` the motorcycle diaries '' ?
in what country is the subject of the film `` mount everest '' located ?
who was vincent van gogh inspired by , whos death was after august 13 of 1863 ?
for what sports team did matt barnes play that has a forward-center on its roster ?
what ryan gosling movies have been released to the distribution medium of television ?
which cartoon pornography films have starred taylor lautner ?
which of the teams for which charles barkley played is the newest ?
what university with the lowest number of undergraduates did theodor schwann study at ?
what is the producer who produced `` i 'm watching you '' famous for ?
what is the capital city of the nation that circulates the brazilian brazilian cruzado ?
in what movies did the author of `` none6 '' star ?
what languages are spoken in the home of brahma bock beer ?
which hotel is located at 495 geary street in san francisco ?
what other movies did the actor that played in the film none2 starred in ?
which actor played the vice president in the film the rough riders 's ?
who are the children of the actor from the film `` uncle tom 's fairy tales '' ?
what currency do they use in the place that has the supreme court of chile ?
who is buried in petersfriedhof that influenced wolfgang amadeus mozart ?
of the country that 's in the balkans area , which has the country 's biggest army ?
what movies was produced in french and featured taylor momsen ?
what language is spoken in the czech republic and is also the language of the `` heroes in hell '' fictional universe ?
for what work is the mark twain4 who wrote `` the adventures of huckleberry finn '' well known ?
in the country that filmed `` mutant planet : new zealand '' , who do they import from ?
what political party was the author of `` theodore roosevelt , an autobiography '' a member of ?
what is the form of government in the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is produced ?
what is the national language of the country where talysh is a spoken language ?
what books written by aristotle were published after the nicomachean ethics ( wordsworth classics ) ( wordsworth classics ) 4 ?
what is the birthplace of the person who said `` yes we can ! `` ?
what currency is accepted by the government of puerto rico ?
in which administrative division of the country of the united states of america did laura ingallls wilder live ?
where is walton , indiana located with the earliest adapted location symbol ?
who currently rules the governmental jurisdiction in which kim jong-un holds a governmental office ?
what is the latest structure to open in miami , florida ?
what company was ofudned after 1899 and owns the chrysler group llc corporation ?
what tv show has a running time of under 60 minutes and features wentworth miller ?
what type of government is used where the pungsan dog breed originated from ?
in what year did the seattle seahawks play at the superbowl where the results of the championship were 43-8 ?
what none5n movies has liam hemsworth played in ?
what other language does the country that speaks brazilian portuguese speak ?
where was the jurisdiction location symbol for hurricane irene first adapted ?
what movie did ashley greene play in that had a prequel called `` eclipse ? `` ?
which disease did the person to whom , the united states congress dedicated his/her work ?
in the movie that feature jada grace as an actress , who played the character terminator salvation0 ?
the oklahoman newspaper is located in what time zone ?
who was the soviet union leader during world war ii that ended their government position the latest ?
which films starring matt dallas were cast by dean e. fronk ?
what has been created by the subject of the film `` harlem renaissance4 '' ?
which language is spoke at the region , in which the newspaper , the straits times , is circulated ?
what were some of the items invented by the primary subject in the film `` the secret of nikola tesla '' ?
what cartoon genre movie does zac efron star in ?
who was the author who published editions for frankenstein , ( oxford playscripts ) both parents names ?
which prime minister of canada from 1993 died in toronto ?
what languages are spoken in the country where brahma bock beer is made ?
who was buried in forest lawn cemetery and was marriage to phil harris ?
what football player was the baltimore ravens quarterback in 2012 who had the largest passing attempts ?
what is the most recent movie to be released which feaured ian somerhalder ?
what languages are spoken in the country whose government includes the ministry of foreign affairs ?
which films have the character of none0 ?
what teams has forwards playing for them and had derek fisher on the roster as of 2012 ?
what person who said , `` never to suffer would never to have been blessed '' influenced sir arthur conan doyle ?
what film had santo loquasto as a production designer and features madonna ?
in chronological order , which harry potter books wer enominated with the `` gold award , 9-11 years '' ?
which of ent_1 's tv shows had fewer than 2 seasons ?
who are the supreme court of the united statess that are republican partylicans ?
what is the country with the largest army and is where cuban cuban missile crisis occurred ?
who are the parents of the person who said , `` action is eloquence '' ?
what are the primary sports in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position member of the new zealand parliament ?
which trade partner of the united kingdom is defined by an internet domain of ao ?
who was the governor of georgia in 2011 that started his tenure after 1-301993 ?
where is the location of the governmental body called the supreme council of united arab emirates ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 who had the earliest government position ?
what invention were created by the person who wrote the 1757 poor richard 's almanac ?
what currency is used in the country where hokkien is spoken ?
what character in star wars did the actor that starred in secret agent oo soul play as ?
in what place was the person who said `` reality leaves a lot to the imagination '' standing when he was shot ?
which super bowls occured after 1972-01-160 and were won by the dallas cowboys ?
what louisiana state senator grew up with sephardic law and customs ?
where was the person about whom the movie imperium : saint peter is written killed ?
where is the governmental jurisdiction that has a position title of the member of the senate of the netherlands ?
what university with the smallest number of postgraduates did james franco attend ?
what currency is used in the country where breed aidi originated in ?
what airport is located near the downtown area of the city that publishes and circulates the newspaper xtra ! ?
what organization founded the latest owned the chrysler group llc corporation in 2011 ?
who was the inventor of the dell.png image ?
which movies did chris farley act in , that were decorated by gordon sim ?
which school michael jordan attended is the college with the highest number of postgraduates enrolled ?
what is the main language in the country that made maccabee beer ?
which movie had kira roessler on its crew and taylor lautner as an actor ?
who was the mother of the subject of the image `` the madonna in sorrow '' ?
which superbowl after 01/14/2001 did the baltimore ravens win ?
who was the borther of the actor who played in the movie `` andy williams in concert at branson '' ?
where did robert hooke obtain his education , with the organization founding date is after 1179 ?
what is the capital of the country in which fingallian is spoken ?
why do people go to amsterdam for , and is the earliest opened building ?
which country does the united kingdom import from , that is in the caribbean sea ?
which language is spoken in the jurisdiction that has the position title president of singapore ?
what political system does the country with the coat of arms of mexico have ?
what state had the earliest creation of a governmental location symbol and is home to auburn university ?
what language is spoken where the central anatolian shepherd dog breed originated ?
where do the turkish people originate , with the smallest number of people in the country 's army ?
who did the actor that played in the film , etta james and the roots band : burning down the house , marriage ?
where does the actor starring in the film the wizards return : alex vs. alex live ?
what team drafted the actor who played in the movie `` nba live 2001 : the music videos ? `` ?
what is the main language of the country that makes maccabee beer ?
what language is spoken in the buffy universive and in real life spoken by australians ?
where did the author die in 1757 that published editions for poor richard 's almanac ?
what movie did jenna dewan play in that was written by melissa rivers ?
who said `` god 's first creature , which was light '' ?
what language is spoken in the country where egypt4 beer is produced ?
what language is spoken in the country of origin for farsons blue label ale ?
what movies featured both actress emma watson and actor robert pattinson ?
in the rockumentary genre , what movies has chris colfer appeared in ?
what was the cause of death of the act '' ? or who played lt. jerry burke ?
which artist was an inspirational source for vincent van gogh and once quoted `` a taste for simplicity can not endure for long . `` ?
what is there to do today in ottawa , ontario that 's the structure that opened first ?
what currency is used where nova roma is located ?
who was judy garland 's husband who died in cleveland ?
in what time zone is the birthplace of the telomian breed ?
what works feature the subject of the image `` wentworth miller 2008 '' ?
where did the author die that published editions for `` you learn by living '' ?
what first president of the afl died in dallas ?
what language spoken in brazil is most common to portugal ?
what role did the actor who played in the film `` the real buddy holly story '' hold in paul mccartney4 ?
in 2011 , where did the actor from the movie `` robin williams : weapons of self destruction '' make his home ?
what canadian movie was chris farley in ?
what was the first nick cannon movie released ?
what country that was controlled by the house of habsburg and was the setting of the film la femme musketeer ?
what is the earliest movie to feature taylor lautner as an actor ?
what is the national sport of puerto rico with the most recent sports team ?
what has jennifer lawrence played in where the casting director was lois j. drabkin ?
which of jane austen books are movies , that were released in finland ?
for what team does the subject of the image `` brandon dubinsky 2007 '' play ?
who wrote the film `` caesar and cleopatra '' and was an influence on albert einstein ?
what movies did the subject of the image `` dianaross '' play in ?
in which country did the flemish live that has the smallest army ?
which genre of music performed by richard wagner appears in `` aida ? `` ?
what is the political system of the location where the film `` bridge to terabithia '' takes place ?
where did chris cuomo attend , an unversity that has number of postgraduates greater than 6845 ?
what type of government does the country where nigerian breweries star beer is made have ?
what movie with cinematography by douglas milsome did madonna appear in ?
what languages are spoken in the country that speaks talysh ?
what are the places to go to where the movie `` madrid6 '' takes place ?
what is the name of the harry potter book that is about friendship ?
what type of currency is used in the place where the peruvian hairless dog breed originated ?
what is the capital of the state known for its bluegrass where the 2008 united states senate election of kentucky was held ?
what language do they speak in the country that has an office holder named juan carlos onganía ?
in what thriller-type movies did matt bomer play ?
who created the communist party of china that died the earliest ?
what language is spoken where red stripe beer is made ?
who is the actor that played the first dart vader and the character frank mccarthy ?
what airport does southwest fly to , in the area in which the newspaper westword is circulated ?
what are the cause of death of the person the played the character emily jackson-jacks ?
what are three types of drugs does the actor that played the character , charlie sheen2 partake of ?
who died in rhinebeck that was secretary of state when andrew jackson was president ?
what arabic language-speaking country exports to brazil ?
what is the airport closest to the place where newspaper clearwater beacon is circulated ?
which language is spoken in the jurisdiction that has a position called the iran4 of iran ?
what country has the legislative session of the 11th australian parliament as a part of their government and took part in the australia1 ?
where was the latest structure to open that the chicago white sox played home games at ?
which of the schools mark zuckerberg '' -u attended has the largest number of undergraduates enrolled ?
what is the tallest building ot be located in the country where hamdan bin mohammed al maktoum is a member of the government ?
to what art movements did leonardo belong ?
what languages are also spoken in the country where romansh is used ?
what languages are spoken in the place featured in the image `` location albania europe '' ?
what movies did the actor that played the character jacob black play in ?
what state has an official symbol of the goldenrod and is home to wayne state university ?
what language is spoken in the country that includes wyvern hill ?
what caused the death of the actor from `` nevada city ? `` ?
which character does the actor who play zane berg play in `` twilight '' ?
what movies have the actor that played none2 ?
what type of money is used in the country that distributes the o pasquim newspaper ?
what is the official currency of the country where jamaican english is spoken ?
what city was the childhood home to the person of focus in the film king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis ?
what movie featured charlie hunnam playing in a story written by p. d. james ?
what year , after october 15 , 1970 , did the orioles go to the world series ?
who was engaged to the subject in the photo george lucas photo.jpg ?
what language is spoken where the official symbol is a thistle ?
which language is spoken in the country that produces archa beer ?
to whom has the actor who played in the movie `` jessica simpson : dream chaser '' been marriage ?
where is the actor that played in the movie `` dutch in seven lessons '' from ?
what kind of currency is accepted in the country where santa fe beer is produced ?
what style of art does the actor who played in `` normal love '' do ?
what drug was used by charlie sheen and is subject of the film pineapple express ?
which film featuring omar epps has a sequel named scream 3 ?
in what country was the subject of the movie `` skiing mount everest '' found ?
what nation using the euro as its primary form of money has a government with an official coat of arms ?
what were the nationalities of the actor in the movie `` my daughter 's secret nationality '' ?
in which state , does carlos santana live , that 's in the country of mexico ?
what is the birthplace of the actor from `` rod stewart : storyteller 1984-1991 ? `` ?
what languages are used in the country that produces des franswitzerlands-montagnes la meule beer ?
what language is spoken in the tortall universe and is spoken by some pakastani people ?
who was the spouse of the author who wrote `` state and revolution ? `` ?
which of the harry potter films have included an appearance by robert pattinson ?
in which countries , did queen victoria rule , in which the bombay explosion , occurred ?
what time zone is used in the location where `` eden court '' is set ?
what is the currency used in the country where el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer is produced ?
who was the husband of the subject of the film `` sixty glorious years '' ?
who influenced pablo picasso '' -u 's art and was buried in cimetiã¨re parisien de bagneux ?
for what did the stephen hawking4 who published editions for `` a briefer history of time '' become famous ?
who was born in warwickshire and influenced john steinbeck to begin writing ?
which actress is dating the star of 2012 's hugh hefner : american playboy ?
where was george e. outland born that is also where mission san buenaventura is located ?
what disiease is robin roberts battling in the show `` living proof '' ?
what language do they speak in the place where the fila brazileiro breed originated from ?
who is the current leader of the country where harbin beer is made ?
who was tom cruise marriage to that was the executive producer of `` the romantics '' ?
what continent is the breed central anatolian shepherd dog originated in ?
what politician '' -g was cleopatra marriage to ?
what is the spoken language used in the country where iran8 was originated ?
what is there to visit where the film `` larger than life '' films on location ?
what language is spoken in the region shown in the brazil.jpg image ?
what is the place with a jurisdiction that has lynn frazier as an office holder ?
what is the earliest year that jackie robinson play baseball professionally ?
what sports are played in japan and were founded after the year 1921 ?
what currency is used in the location where the movie `` the carbon collective '' is set ?
what money is used where the cordoba fighting dog comes from ?
what language is spoken in the country that has the council of states ?
what movies did nick cannon stared in that had a sequel named garfield : a tail of two kitties ?
what languages are also spoken in the place where domari language is used ?
what was the money that josh ryan evans starred in and was directed by ron howard ?
what are places to stay in the setting of the movie paris , je t'aime ?
which school with less than 27,027 undergraduates did university of michigan1 attend ?
what is the time zone of the area where the newspaper `` capital hill beacon '' is circulated in ?
what character does the actor who played the character paul walker0 play in fast and furious ?
what leo howard movie was nominated for an award with the description `` based on hasbro 's g.i . joeâ® characters '' ?
what type of currency is used in the country where the newspaper reference news is circulated ?
who was the leader of the the soviet union in 1945 ?
what type of currency is used in the country that uses thai language ?
what tv show got nominated with the title of `` role : stu redman '' and was filmed in new york city ?
who murdered the subject of the film `` 575 castro st. '' ?
what is the most recent film to be released whihc featured leo howard as an actor ?
which senators from illinois served in the 106th united states congress ?
where did the author , that published neverwhere , grow up ?
where did robert frost , attend university , with the earliest organization founding date ?
where is the georgia dome located ?
what currency is used in the location that includes the second level division la uniã³n ?
which country with the smallest calling code did osama bin laden live in ?
in which movies did nick cannon star in , that 's a thriller genre ?
what language do the people from the area where the manager daily circulates speak ?
what film was directed by michael v. nicolo and featured chris colfer as an actor ?
what is the currency in the country where theere is a prime minister of thailand ?
what is the time zone in ontario which is where `` saw v '' is set ?
what language is spoken where the newspaper turkey2 is circulated ?
what is the language for the place where the cordoba fighting dog first originated ?
what political system is used in the area where the newspaper akhbar el-yom circulates ?
what languages are spoken in the setting of the film `` bridge to terabithia ? `` ?
where did barack obama attend school , with the latest organization founding date ?
in the country where the austrian krone is used aas currency , what languages are spoken ?
during the film twilight , which character is played by the actor who played the character `` nikki reed0 '' in another movie ?
what language is spoken where the egypt6 breed comes from ?
what 's the main language spoken at the location where the breed switzerlander laufhund , originated at ?
what person who died after november 17 , 1494 inspired michelangelo ?
what celebrity who was executive producer of `` the hottie and the nottie '' has brody jenner dated ?
what country was home to the fictional character tutankhamun and is a trading partner with portugal ?
who served as vice-president under the president who was the subject of the movie `` an american affair '' ?
who was the leader of the the country , where the chuvash language is spoken in 1945 ?
what is the language spoken where the movie `` arabic language0 '' is located ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that was written by frank bunker gilbreth , jr ?
what german movie did charlie hunnam play in ?
what nick cannon movies were produced by l.a. reid ?
of the countries that south africa exports to , which has the smallest number of people in the country 's army ?
which languages are spoken in the country , where antares barley wine beer is produced ?
what is the type of money used in the area where brahma bock beer is made ?
where is the oldest structure that the chicago white sox play their home games ?
what character did the actor starred in the film a different approach play in cars ?
in what season did the performer in `` shaquille o'neal0 '' enter the nba ?
what tv show with a run time over 22 minutes has taylor lautner been in ?
what is the official language of the country of origin for the cordoba fighting dog ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where artur da costa e silva holds a governmental office ?
which book written by jane austen that was released in 1980 ?
who are the major trading partners of germany that have an iso numeric of less than 450 ?
what moviews are from germany and feature robert pattinson as an actor ?
what movies starring liam hemsworth were written by michael amdt ?
what is the form of the government which also has an official with the title of prime minister of the czech republic ?
what continent is the place where the tsonga language is spoke at a part of ?
which school james franco attended has the largest number of postgraduate students enrolled ?
what ontario airport is nearest to downtown toronto ?
in what country in which english is a native language do people also speak the fijian language ?
which film directed by robert zemeckis starred nick cannon ?
what instrument did the composer of `` maple leaf rag '' play ?
what leo howard movie was produced by brian goldner ?
what known attraction in amsterdam has the address plantage kerklaan 38-40 ?
which actress that played in the movie `` barricade '' was marriage to phil harris ?
what type of money should i take to the country where ruthenian is a spoken language ?
what languages are spoken in the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is made ?
what liam hemsworth movie was directed by alex proyas ?
what 's the time zone , at the location , in which the newspaper , brazil em folhas , is circulated ?
what inventions were made by the author of `` micrographia ( history of microscopy series ) ? `` ?
what celebrity dated by brody jenner is a celebrity whose romantic relationship ended first ?
can you tell me what type of governments are used where the nigerian pound is currency ?
what country is featured in the adventures of priscilla , queen of the desert and took part in the gulf war during 1991 ?
which country with the smallest iso number trades with china ?
which bordering country of armenia has an office holder named ilham aliyev ?
who was the falcons luke mccown4 in 20ent_ent_brett favre508622 that has a passing attempt stat less than ent_ent_brett favre508629ent_ent_brett favre50862 ?
with which party is the political appointee who held the title deputy mayor for operations for new york city affiliated ?
who inspired john steinbeck to write that died from peritonitis ?
who are the reliatived of the famous writerwho quoted the saying `` none8 '' ?
which is the latest founded company that henry ford motor company worked for ?
what is the capital of the country where forth and bargy dialect is spoken ?
who was in the film the fifth element , also played old bilbo ?
what is robert pattinson newest movie , that was directed by christopher brown ?
who is the wife of the subject of the film `` kobe doin ' work '' ?
which countries speak the arabic language , and the country has compatible power plugs of type c ?
what party with which bloomberg is affiliated has the earliest organizational founding date ?
what home of the seneca people uses the canadian dollar as currency ?
what is there to see and do at revelstoke , the location of the film the shining ?
what tv shows were shot in new york and have program episode run times of more than 26 ?
what religion recognized in canada was the subject of `` light in my darkness ? `` ?
where is the childhood home of the person who said , `` iraq had wmds in 2003 '' ?
what money is used where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is made ?
which of the countries in north america '' -u has the largest country calling code ?
which type of language is spoken at the location , where the breed , entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog originated ?
who served as vice-president under the author of `` state of the union addresses of bill clinton '' ?
who is the current president of the nation that includes the israeli ministry of defense ?
where did robert hooke get his education that had the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what is the spoken language used in the country where shetland sheepdog was originated ?
what is the capitol of republic containing slieve commedagh ? ?
what year did the pittsburgh steelers win the super bowl with the score 16-6 ?
what is the capital of the country where st. bernardus abt 12 beer is made ?
in what year did the boston red sox win the world series with a score of 4-0 ?
where is the birthplace of the speaker in march on washington for jobs and freedom ?
what language is used in brazil that belongs to the indo-european languages ?
what team did tom landry play for whose home stadium is darrell k royal–texas memorial stadium ?
in which college was a bachelor 's degree obtained by the politician with the title associate director , white house office of public liaison ?
what movies has the actress who portrayed arthur and the revenge of maltazard8 starred in ?
what languages are spoken in the region where the second level division cartago is located ?
what venue with the largest capacity held the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament ?
who is the senator of virginia in 2003 who was of nondenominational christianity faith ?
what movie was directed by catherine ircha and was acted in by ashley greene ?
what was the birthplace of the actor who played in the movie `` wiz on down the road '' ?
what film starring ian somerhalder has the production designer sharon seymour ?
where did the war involving janjaweed happen ?
what movie did taylor lautner and shaquille o'neal star in ?
in which movie were costumes designed by ruth myers , and nick cannon starred in ?
of the movies that robert pattinson is in , which had a sequel titled , harry potter and the half-blood prince ?
on a map where is the place where kirundi language is spoken located ?
what movie was ryan gosling in that was produced by twentieth century fox film corp ?
which prime minister of canada from 1993 said `` you have to look at history as an evolution of society ? `` ?
who said `` humility like the darkness , reveals the heavenly lights ? `` ?
what political party is in the country where the person that said `` yes , we can ? came from ?
what is the name of the president in the country where el tiempo newspaper was circulated in 2011 ?
what movie directed by pier luigi basile did charlie hunnam play in ?
what catholics actor portrayed roxanne in ghost rider ?
which 2010 senator from connecticut worked as a counselor ?
who is the current leader of the governmental jurisdiction in which wu xiaoling holds a governmental office ?
what location of puerto galera , oriental mindoro was featured in the work `` playing with water '' ?
for what peer of lã¡szlã³ lászló moholy-nagy did wassily kandinsky work ?
what movie is kat dennings in that robert downey jr. plays in ?
which continent is the nation that is run by the prime minister of armenia located in ?
what are some attractions in the area where `` license to kill '' takes place ?
what persian language-speaking country is a military combatant that was involved in the military conflict the six-day war ?
what films wer eproduced by twentieth century fox film corp and featured robert pattinson as an actor ?
what awards did the subject of the movie `` marilyn '' win ?
what schools were attended by the person who said `` barack obama8 '' ?
which currency is used in the country that has a position called the secretary of state for human rights of france ?
in which movies did tupac star in , where the film was released to distribution , via the medium poetic justice4 ?
what is the currency used in the country where cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer is produced ?
who is the state senator of the place where the movie `` louisiana4 '' takes place ?
what time zone is overlook hotel in ?
what is the government system of malaysia and austria-hungary ?
which two chinese dialects that is the language found in the fictional universe firefly ?
what kind of government is in the country where the reference news is circulated ?
where is the burial place of the author of `` my senator and me : a dog's-eye view '' ?
what is the primary language used by the people in the country where the federal government of brazil is located ?
qhat has mario lopez acted in , that was produced by peter engel ?
what is the currency used in the country where saek is spoken ?
which type of currency , does the the country where the filipino language is spoken , utilize ?
who is the current leader of the area where the newspaper legal daily circulates ?
which country that borders england recognizes the united states dollar ?
which book by jane austen was made into a movie with cinematographer john daly ?
this birthplace of vicki buck exports products to japan . ?
what war did benjamin harrison serve as a military commander and also included battles fought by stonewall jackson ?
which of the movies starring mario lopez was released first ?
in which 2011 movie did taylor lautner star in that guillermo navarro created the cinematography for ?
which film starring liam hemsworth was released to blu-ray disc ?
who married the author of the poor richard 's almanac of 1757 ?
what author was the publisher for editions of colossus 's wife ?
which character in the hangover is played by an actor from zach galifianakis0 ?
in the governmental jurisdiction , what language does office holder nicos anastasiades use ?
what move debuted in 2010 at the toronto international film festival and stars kat dennings ?
who was the politician to start their tenure the earliest and was spain 's prime minister '' -g in 2011 ?
who played both alexander luthor and gonta ?
in which concentration camp did the author of the diary of a young girl die ?
where was the person whom the film `` john lennon new york city '' is about standing when he was shot ?
what is the government type of the region where the chihuahua breed originated ?
in which movies did larry banks provide cinematography and tupac star ?
where is the author who published editions for `` theodore roosevelt , an autobiography '' buried ?
who leads the country that circulates the korean yen ?
what kind of art by henri matisse appears in the film panorama ephemera ?
what country speaks lao and was a vietnam war point ?
what college degree did the person who said `` in this revolution , no plans have been written for retreat , '' earn ?
which film starring ian somerhalder was cast by dean e. fronk ?
in what years with events ending after lamar odom2 did lamar odom play for the los angeles clippers ?
what university did both james bond and sir ernest rutherford attend ?
what did the author of animal farm die from ?
what is another language that is also spoken in the same area that romansh is spoken ?
what location of wayne state is a governmental jurisdiction that adapted its location symbol earliest ?
what is the venue with the smallest capacity that the celtics practice at ?
in what timezone is the federal government of brazil located ?
what movie , about john forbes nash , jr. , did ron howard direct ?
what country with .008282 emissions per capita in dated metric tons is also china 's trading partner ?
what movie based on a jane austen book debuted in the 1995 toronto international film festival ?
what movie starring ryan gosling that was released in united states of america ?
which of robert pattinson 's films was released most recently ?
who is the owner of the sports team that plays in hilltop park ?
what is the primary language in the region where the brazilian brazilian cruzado is used as currency ?
what are things that the author who published editions of `` the magic finger '' is famous for ?
which of the albums that john frusciante was featured was released latest ?
which presidents of venezuela died in caracas ?
which kenosha language is spoken in ghana ?
how many fantasy genre indiana jones movies are there ?
what is the ethnicity of the person who is an actor in `` wwf armageddon 200 '' ?
what languages are spoken in the country of origin for the fila brazileiro breed ?
what languages are spoken where the government known as the government of costa rica is located ?
which of the languages in the eastern berber languages family do egyptians use ?
what is the name of the airport in the town where jean-nicolas pache holds a government office ?
what is the political system that was shared by spain and the kingdom of prussia ?
where does the artist nominated for `` mama 's song '' live ?
the state that has the greater roadrunner as a symbol has which flower as a state flower ?
of the countries and seas bordering ukraine , which country has the smallest calling code ?
which college attended by none0 has fewer than 5544 postgraduates ?
what do they use to communicate in the `` reference news '' print publication medium ' neighborhood ?
which bodybuilder played darth vader in the first star wars movie ?
which james t. kirk actor influenced dat phan ?
the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body named scottish parliament speak what language ?
which arabic language speaking country has the largest country calling code ?
which louisiana state senator held a position in the none0 ?
what is the language that is spoken in the home of the maltese ?
which three languages are spoken in the circulation area for de dag ?
which of abraham lincoln 's inspirattions ended his/her government positions first ?
what television dramas starred kellie martin ?
what relgion was practiced by the person who stated `` it is written again , thou shalt not tempt the lord thy god ? `` ?
who were the inspriations for the main character of the movie `` vincent van gogh : painted with words ? `` ?
what inspiration of michelangelo buonarroti died after november 17 , 1494 ?
what country was hit by hurricane irene & uses the nominal gdp currency of united states dollar ?
which acting president won the presidential race in venezuela ?
what other languages are spoken in the country containing rusyn speakers ?
what government types are found in the location where the molossus breed originated ?
for what is the subject of the film `` a tour of the white house with mrs. john f. kennedy '' famous ?
what movie , focused on male nudity , featured tupac ?
which of veronica lake 's husbands died from an aneurysm ?
what book about england was written by julian fellowes ?
what is the currency of the country where the gran mastin de puerto rico breed originated ?
for what tv show taped in new york city are the costumes designed by linda matheson ?
for which movie series was taylor lautner nominated for an award described with `` based on the novel by stephanie meyer ? `` ?
which state whose symbol is the viola does the mississippi river flow through ?
what is the capital of the state in which the george state senate resides ?
which vegetarian actor played the part of old bilbo ?
what tourist attractions are located in the setting of the film `` bus stop ? `` ?
what amusement park in kansas city houses prowler ride ?
where is the currency akã§e used ?
of the sports teams for which albert pujols played , which team was founded last ?
what offices have also been held by the director for multilateral affairs ?
what are the settings of the movie `` brent corrigan 's heat ? `` ?
which founder of google was influenced by terry winograd ?
who is angelina jolie 's father , as well as the writer of the film eternity ?
what is the university with the smallest number of undergraduates and is where chris cuomo attended ?
what state is home to caldecott county an the siege of vicksburg ?
what forms of currency are used in the setting for the movie `` the naked and the dead ? `` ?
what movie about a realdoll does ryan gosling star in ?
what language is spoken in the country where the legal daily newspaper is distributed ?
what type of government do both the united states of america and bolivia share ?
what system of government is used where the canchim breed originated ?
which jane austen books were made into movies editted by kate evans ?
in which states with a reptile as the official symbol of state did tennessee williams live ?
who acquired the cinar corporation , and did the cookie jar group create arthur ?
what tv program featuring nick cannon has fewer than 17nick cannon7 episodes ?
what are the primary religions practiced in the country where bochkarev krepkoe beer is brewed ?
who is the wife of the mian subject in the movie , `` the boy king '' ?
what countries were ruled by the topic of the image `` -golden jubilee -3a cropped '' ?
what is the capital city of ontario , that has the official symbol of a coat of arms ?
what theme songs were written by the actor who played the character chuck mcbride ?
what languages are spoken in the country where vã¡clav klaus is in office ?
what language describes the government jurisdiction of the president of brazil ?
which public speaker touted liberalism in the united states and started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
who were the richard nixon0 during the presidency of the man involved in richard nixon4 ?
what show produced by henry winkler did larry hagman star in ?
what movies are played by liam hemsworth whose trailer web link is http : //youtu.be/0bdzwrw6hna ?
in which arabic language-speaking country was the fictional character known as sayid jarrah born ?
what guitar did the pweron who played in the film he end of the road : the final tour '95 use ?
what region was the location of the film shine and the place where flemish people originated from ?
what college that boasts jay cutler as an alumnus has the largest number of postgraduate students ?
what character in eclipse is played by the actress who portrayed bree tanner ?
what currency is used in the country where the fordulat newspaper is published ?
what is the exhibition to see in dallas , tx that opened after 09-27-2008 ?
which movies starring quentin tarantino did quentin tarantino0 serve as a crew member ?
what is the currency of the federal government of brazil ?
what sports team has a home stadium called estadio nacional and signed cristiano ronaldo in 2010 ?
what is the capital city of the location the tsonga language is spoken ?
what language does the council of states governmental body speak ?
what were the professions of the main character in a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis ?
which of the harry potter books was nominated for the `` gold award , 9-11 years '' ?
which football player who dated kim kardashian completed the least amount of passes ?
who is the writer of the two gentlemen of verona who also influences samuel taylor coleridge ?
what is spoken by australians and is also the language in the pretend world buffyverse ?
what languages are spoken in the country where brewerkz pilsner lager is produced ?
which new movie with robert pattinson was nominated for an award at the 10th satellite awards ?
who are the mother and father of the actor who played in the film let no man ?
which of john f. kennedy 's family members held a government position ?
in which country is turkish spoken and the country 's currency of nomiani gdp per capita is the united states dollar ?
who was marriage to the man who said `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend ? `` ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and died in washington , d.c. ?
produced by bob ducsay , what move does leo howard play in ?
what schools were attended by the political appointee who held the title barack obama0 ?
which school did the politically appointed barack obama0 attend ?
in what time zone is the place with an official symbol of barred tiger salamander ?
what type of art appearing in the film , panorama ephemera did henri matisse create ?
what newspapers circulate within the area governed by the mayor of phoenix ?
which school attended by barack obama was founded latest ?
what films have starred the actor that was in behaving badly9 ?
what language is spoken where the austrian krone is used as currency ?
what birthplace includes the author who published the audacity of hope ?
what is the language used in the country where the portuguese escudo is circulated ?
what kind of currency does the country that has division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a as a governor have ?
what film made its debut at the 2012 tribeca film festival and featured chris colfer ?
in the area where the film `` the motorcycle diaries '' takes place , what is the official language ?
which of the countries bordering south africa has the smallest country calling code ?
what german speaking country that is the setting of jojo 's bizarre adventure ?
which cleveland cavaliers draft pick and tv personality appeared on tv first ?
in what city was the actor from arwin ! born ?
what is the dad 's name of the actor who played in winning recipes 's ?
what type of political system does the place where the government of iran located have ?
what political system is used in the country where afshar language is spoken ?
who was married to the man who stated , `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend ? `` ?
what language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government has a position called prime minister of iceland ?
which is the most recently founded sports team in spain ?
what tourist attractions are located in the setting for the movie `` houston4 ? `` ?
where is shoreditch located , that has the position title the minister of ford ?
politics of sweden 's currency holds what governmental jurisdiction ?
what state of indiana 's city is associated with the `` wiz on down the road '' picture star 's place of birth ?
what is the type of government in the land where the chihuahua originates ?
which school that sir isaac newton attended has the largest number of postgraduates ?
who inspired the person with the title director for multilateral affairs ?
what was the name of the sequel to the movie the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 -- part 1 , which stars taylor lautner ?
in the country where al-chark beer is made , who is their leader ?
what country is a part of the united kingdom and included wyvern hill as a landmark ?
in which of charlie hunnam 's movies was the music by gabriel yared ?
the twice-told tales author who published two editions died in what location ?
in what cities in cook county did charlton heston live ?
what forms of government are in place in the country of origin for cuba0 beer ?
which primary school was attended by the author of philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica ?
who influenced both jacques lacan and niccolò machiavelli ?
in the country who has an office holder singapore0 , what language is used ?
what robert pattinson movie has a run time greater than 90 minutes ?
what language is spoken in fiji that is the language in the fictional universe `` the toal universe '' ?
what kind of artist , that appeared in the film `` the man who laughs '' , was wassily kandinsky ?
in the country where macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer is produced , what languages are spoken ?
which flemish people area has the official symbol of leo belgicus ?
which movie starring regina hall used rob hardy as the producer ?
what languages are spoken within the jurisdiction of the government of pakistan ?
who are the brothers of the actor who played bob williams0 ?
which spanish speaking country is the setting of the movie aguirre , the wrath of god ?
who is the current ethiopia2 of the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position of ethiopia2 of ethiopia ?
when did the baltimore orioles last win the pennant ?
which institution from which michelle obama graduated has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
which character in twilight was played by the author of new moon ?
what type of money is used in the place where you 'd find the second level division kuna de madugandã­ ?
what movie that was directed by ron howard and written by bob dollman ?
list the degrees earned by the 2012 state of the union address key speaker . ?
which vice president was also the united states secretary of the air force ?
what nick cannon0 movies does nick cannon play in ?
what movie had casting irector mary selway and was based on a jane austen book ?
what country , once ruled by james vi and i , sent francis drake to explore for them ?
which of the tv shows starring nick cannon have the shortest episode running time ?
what country with seneca people that has its coat of arms that is st. catharines ?
what are the languages spoken in the federal government of brazil ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and was whom the film fala : the president 's dog main character based on ?
which none0 bordering tennessee is represented by haley barbour ?
what movie was decorate by jim erickson and statted robert pattinson ?
what is the name of the new york city airport that emirates airline uses ?
who was marriage to julie roberts that was born in los angeles ?
in what location did the author of 9 to 5 grow up in ?
which country in the balkans has the internet top level domain mk ?
of the films taylor lautner has been in , which is from japan ?
from what diseases did the speaker who spoke about egalitarianism suffer ?
which carlos boozer0 team did carlos boozer play for ?
which greg zimmerman movie was mario lopez in ?
what high school did the actor go to who was in the movie hancock 2 ?
find the inventor who published editions for poor richard 's almanac in 1757 , what things did this person invent ?
in which place did the person who stated `` great socialist statesman are n't made , they 're still-born '' reside ?
find the breed boerboel , what is the capital city of the country this breed originates from ?
what rob lowe movie was shot in new york ?
to what jail did the nominee of the sfx award for best actor go ?
what is the currency that is used in the naked and the dead ?
what language is used in the country where chiang kai-shek was a government officer ?
was was the crime commited by the politician appointed by paul von hindenburg ?
what type of government is run i the nation that is the original breeder of the breed fila brazileiro ?
which jane austen movie adaptation was decorated by katie spencer ?
what are the economic exports and imports where the farsi eastern language is spoken ?
what starbucks drinks feature the nutrient choline ?
what country uses power plugs that are type f and does trade with china ?
according to wikipedia what language do the people of brazil speak ?
what clay animation movie was directed by ron howard ?
what jobs did the librarian '' -g6 who published editions for benjamin franklin6 do ?
who was sworn into office after the public speaker who spoke about anti-apartheid was assassinated ?
which supreme court of the united states judge was born in the bronx ?
what ethnic group doe germans and russians belong to ?
which robert pattinson film was produced by erwin stoff ?
what cartoon pornography movies has taylor lautner done ?
what currency is accepted need in the place in which the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
who was john f. kennedy0 to the president who spoke publicly about the berlin wall ?
which school did the public speaker who spoke about barack obama8 attend ?
which type of government does north korea have ?
what science fiction work features battles fought by stonewall jackson ?
which angelina jolie movie had dean semler as its cinematographer ?
what did martin luther king , jr. jr study in college an was also featured in nickel and dimed ?
what countries did the governor general of canada rule ?
what players are on the hockey team with the captain of toronto maple leafs8 ?
paul von hindenburg appointed a politician to their government position as part of what political party ?
which school that sir ernest rutherford attended has the latest founding date ?
what awards established after 1922 have been won by gary paulsen ?
which real madrid c.f . football player won the golden boot ?
name the city that is home to tour triangle and the origin of it 's name . ?
who does the actor that played the character none4 play on `` the simpsons '' ?
what kind of currency does the country that was affected by hurricane frank use ?
what countries in north america '' -u export to spain ?
what did the stephen hawking2 who published editions for stephen hawking6 become famous for ?
what language is spoken in the place where nova roma is ?
what religion is followed in the place where you 'd find the supreme court of israel ?
what languages are spoken in the country that uses the argentina argentina peso ley as currency ?
who was the man who influenced niccolò machiavelli and passed away in amboise ?
in what country , with an army force of more than 857000 , was the vietnam war fought ?
who is the coach of the team who played in the bank america stadium in 2013 ?
in which super bowls did the dallas cowboys beat the buffalo bills ?
which country uses arabic language and also has the adana province as a second level devision ?
what is the capital city of the state washington , which also held a united states senate election in 2010 ?
what school did the public speaker , which spoke about barack obama8 ; attend ?
how many languages are used at the asian college of science and technology 's main campus ?
where is the time zone which was in the affected area of florida0 ?
when did the person who said `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names '' die ?
who died from poisoning and prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what movie featured ryan golsling as an actro and had productuion design done by sharon seymour ?
who voiced the character that was created and dedicated to the father of glenn mcqueen ?
what animation type of movies has selena gomez starred in ?
for countries that have the plautdietsch language as a spoken language , which ones are in north america '' -u ?
before paul von hindenburg appointed him to a government post , which political factions did this politician belong to ?
what district is represented by joe clark and is home to seneca people ?
kat graham played which character in a john fenner movie ?
who plays in a film that john b. hagey is a crew member of ?
what language is used in the place that has najdi arabic4 ?
what is the home city of oscar moreno 's academic advisor ?
what kind of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction includes a government using the position chairman of the communist party of china ?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the argentina peso ?
what poltical party is the current associate director , white house office of public liaison affiliated with ?
what time zone is the area with an official seal of a brown pelican in ?
who is the 107th united states congressional senator ?
from what university did both jack london and lawrence kutner graduate . ?
what person who said `` i believe that man will not merely endure ; he will prevail '' influenced john steinbeck to start writing ?
where is the start of the river that flows through sesheke ?
can you tell me the currency that is accepted where they speak samoan ?
what location was home to the uefa euro 2012 tournament ?
find the areas affected by typhoon utor , what sports are popular there ?
what is the venue with the smallest capacity where the florida panthers play ?
which australian states have the government position of treasurer ?
what movies have hung up7red the artist award nominated for `` hung up '' ?
what goal was the person who said `` without education , you 're not going anywhere in this world . '' trying to achieve ?
what war had the new york and new jersey campaign and was won with aid from george washington ?
which war that had george washington also had the lowest number of casualties ?
which doug ellin film was based on a james frey work ?
where is there for people to do in the area where the newspaper amsterdam weekly is circulated ?
what city was the author of the hobbit a resident of ?
what is the currency of the country with the coat of arms of mexico as its coat of arms ?
which movies , that were produced by the company summit entertainment , has taylor lautner been in during 2011 ?
which roman mythology character influenced william shakespeare ?
what team does cristiano ronaldo and michael essien play for ?
what office do both maine house of representatives and abraham lincoln hold ?
what english speaking country did francis drake explore for ?
what stop motion movies did taylor lautner star in ?
who played private parts0 in the movie that also stared alley baggett ?
which movie is the actor who acted in the film angela & viril directing ?
which of the exhibition spaces to see in madrid opens first ?
how do you name the place where enriching classics , author of the origin of species , and his wife live ?
what district is represented by joe clark and was the originating point for iroquois indians ?
who is the actor that plays san dating ?
what form of government does the president of brazil 's jurisdiction have ?
what type of government has there been in the location of gebel elba ?
what is the currency in the place where araucana originated from ?
where was the author who published poor richard 's almanac of 1735 employed ?
who is the owner of google 2012 and was the executive producer of broken arrows ?
what building in dallas , tx has the street address 1717 north harwood ?
what stop motion movies did ron howard direct ?
who held the position of secretary of state when louis mclane3 was president ?
what movies were directed by shuki levy that featured leo howard as an actor ?
what english speaking movie did liam hemsworth starred in ?
what is the state where the fictional character fiona coyne lived in ?
what west germanic languages that is spoken in sweden ?
what book did niccolò machiavelli write , whose isbn number is 9780192804266 ?
in what year was the actor that played in the movie nfl insider 's rookie of the year drafted ?
what japanese movies did taylor lautner star in ?
what time zone do the reef triggerfish primarily live in ?
the theatrical composer of the play 9 to 5 grew up in which location ?
what type of language is spoken in peru and belongs to the iberian romance languages language family ?
which countries with armies less than 28521 were formed from czech republicslovakia ?
who was the prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 , representing the people 's party ?
what party was the person in that said the quote `` i destroy my enemy when i make him my friend '' ?
what country does england border that has an official symbol of a welsh dragon ?
which of south africa 's trading partners has the largest country calling code ?
which of the 2013 kansas none0s ended his/her tenure latest ?
what currency should be taken to the part of the country that speaks zaza ?
where is the newspaper brazil em folhas circulated , and the currency of the area it is in ?
where did the speaker from the march on washing for jobs and freedon attend ?
what movies starring charlie brown have also starred the `` taylor lautner0 '' actor . ?
ed verreaux did the production design on what movies starring leo howard ?
name the first president of the country taht is home to bochkarev krepkoe beer . ?
what is the name of the currency used by the country whose coat of arms is the seal of the mexico ?
in which time zone is the home of guinness foreign extra stout ( nigeria ) beer ?
in the country where the soviet union ruble is used , what is the former type of government ?
who is the president in the country that speaks filipino ?
who was influenced by both mencius and baron de montesquie ?
who produced silk electric in the wiz ?
name the person who was a general during the american revolutionary war and also served int he 85th regiment of foot . ?
for what is the person who said `` in the end , everything is a gag '' famous ?
what was the inspiration for `` everything hurts '' ?
which school attended by michael jordan has the fewest undergraduates ?
what was the religious affiliation of the person quoted as saying , `` it always seems impossible until it 's done '' ?
where did the author of the poor richard 's almanac of 1757 go to school ?
who held a position in the 4th united states congress and was secretary of state during andrew jackson 's presidency ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of japan who was appointed none0 ?
what participant in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ended their governmental tenure earliest ?
the location , in the bangkok vicinity , of where the thailand national football team plays . ?
what are the children 's names of the author who published `` cook with jamie '' ?
what movies produced by tony shimkin was chris farley in ?
the artist nominated for an award for treemonisha performs what types of music ?
what languages are spoken where the government of iran is located ?
for which film , starring tupac , did deborah nadoolman landis design the costumes ?
whom was the person ( that was born in garfield ) that judy garland was marriage to ?
when was the world series won in turner field ?
who was the election for governor in the location that has the official symbol of ceiba pentandra ?
from what country did subject of the film the adventures of marco polo originate ?
where was the speaker who delivered the 2012 state of the union address born ?
which international organization are both china and paul-henri paak a part of ?
who was the afl founder who died from prostate cancer ?
what religion in russia that was featured in what went wrong ?
in what film did leslie a. pope decorate mario lopez ?
what was the name of the person that was a peer of benjamin franklin that also influenced abraham lincoln to become president ?
who played the character roxanne in the movie starring none6 ?
in the tv show with the theme song far from here who plays claudia joy ?
where was the actor featured as the `` cmdr . casey abbott '' character born and raised ?
the creator of the art series henri matisse0 belonged to what artistic movement ?
which country , with compatible type c power plugs , speaks arabic language ?
in what year did the orioles play in the world series , in which the los angeles dodgers were the runners up ?
what attraction in san diego has the manta ride ?
what amusement park with the ricochet ride is based in charlotte north carolina ?
which animation films has taylor lautner been in ?
what university did the author of `` kurt vonnegut2 '' attend ?
what films feature the actor from a very school gyrls holla-day ?
what diana ross film was written by chris clark ?
what movies produced by amblin entertainment entertainmnent did j.j. abrams direct ?
what tv show produced by henry winkler had the largest number of seasons ?
what country uses the pound sterling and makes up the united kingdom ?
what are the languages spoken in the country in which the unabhã¤ngiger finanzsenat court is held ?
how many indiana jones films used casting director marci liroff ?
what political party does the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness represent ?
what right wing players are on the toronto maple leafs ?
find the actress who played jojo2 , what label is she signed to ?
what country was the setting for a work about robert de niro , sr.. ?
who was the litigant of the bush v. gore case and also won the nobel peace prize in 2007 ?
who is the aldershot-born actor playing the role of old bilbo ?
find the author who published editions for poor richard 's almanac of 1735 , what things did this person invent ?
which currency is used in the country whose official language is the jamaican english ?
when did the sports team that calls oriole park at camden yards last win the world series ?
was phillip beadsmoore in a film with a woman that plays lois lane ?
what area where benjamin franklin worked was buried in the granary burying ground ?
what is the local currency of the country where the second level division comendador , elías piña , elã­as piã±a ?
which amusement park located in denver has the great chase ride ?
what state has the government jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after none2 and alabama3 is located in ?
what is the most recently opened amusement park in san diego that has the best things to do ?
what taylor lautner movies are in the fantasy genre ?
which miami dolphins quarterback had the most pass completions ?
which movie was chris farley in that was casted by mary gail artz ?
what movie starring robert pattinson was produced by jonathan lynn ?
which 2010 connecticut senator ended his or her government position the earliest ?
what was the medium of the artist who said `` time stays long enough for those who use it . '' ?
what school did the music producer who produced make it big attend ?
what is the spoken language for the government of thailand ?
what james steuart film does leo howard play in ?
which organization that acquired dic entertainment created arthur ?
who are the senators for the state with the official symbol of a none62 ?
what movie starring tupac did stanley clarke do the music for ?
in the affected area of the cyclone typhoon how many languages are there ?
where was the person who said `` in this revolution no plans have been written for retreat . '' educated ?
what is the currency of the country that the fila brazilleiro breed orignated ?
who was vice president under the united states ambassador to lesotho ?
what is the government type in australia and the kingdom of prussia ?
carlos p. romulo has his office headquarters in this city : ?
where did the visual artist who created the series of constellations go to school ?
who played alex boss in the music store snl skit ?
what type of music did the author of dem andenken petåfis compose ?
what is the name of the country with an internet top level domain of sd where osama bin laden lived ?
what are members of the minnesota senate called ?
what is the currency of the country of origin for cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer ?
where did the actor who played the character of cmdr casey abbott die ?
which united states of america state has an official symbol of gelsemium sempervirens ?
which x-men films has jennifer lawrence appeared in ?
which of the 2012 none7 none0s have more than 11 passing attempts ?
i , m wondering what position john boehner holds in connecticut house of representatives ?
the religion from `` yuanshi tianzun4 '' believes in which gods ?
the place where the tsonga language is spoken shares borders with which other countries ?
what school boasts as an alumnus the author who published editions for kurt vonnegut0 ?
what language is spoken where wyvern hill is from ?
what did the composer of the song `` billie jean '' die of ?
what school was the nominee of the blimp award for the favorite movie star in ?
which language is spoken in denmark '' -u and the fictional universe of `` heroes in hell '' ?
what tupac movies were released after 14 february 1995 ?
where was kennedy 's inaugural address at , which also had co2 emissions of 0.002282931 ?
what country is home to los angeles county and the san gabriel arcangel ?
what genre of books does the author of none9 write ?
what type of government is shared by mexico and belarus ?
where is glastonbury , connecticut , whhich has the governmental body connecticut senate ?
what flower is an official state flower and symbol for ditat deus ?
what is the name of the world 's tallest building located in dubai marina ?
what book has the isbn of 0140449159 and is written by niccolò machiavelli . ?
what universities did the president who promoted none2 attend ?
which of richard burton 's wives died from heart failure ?
what is the poetry genre of the author who was the publisher of editions for ignatius , his conclave ?
what is the team that the film cristiano ronaldo0 is based on ?
language spoken by australian people and those living in the kingdom of great britain ?
who played the role of alexander luthor and was the executive producer of interstate 84 ?
which judges serve on the same court as supreme court of the united states6 ?
where did the barack obama8 public speaker go to school ?
what twentieth centuiry twentieth century fox film corp was directed by ron howard ?
which tv shows that ran for fewer than 6 seasons did ent_1 play in ?
in which stanley cup finals did the philadelphia flyers beat the buffalo sabres ?
who both sang for pink floyd and also wrote their lyric book ?
what is the name of the family guy character who is stewie griffin 's parent that seth macfarlane plays ?
what university did mark zuckerberg '' -u and warren worthington iii ii attend ?
which of as good as dead3 's movies were released after as good as dead2 ?
which celebrities ended a relationship with joe jonas1 after may 18 , 2010 ?
what 's the focus of the image locationpuntland3 somalia ?
what movies did diana ross perform in after october 1972 ?
what is the national sport of the region that was affected by the cyclone named hurricane jose ?
what movie that was released in span did ian somerhalder perform in ?
what character in `` star wars '' was nominated for the sfw award for best actress ?
who is the governing body for the country that runs power plugs bs 546 have ?
what country has the smallest army and housed osama bin laden ?
what is regina hall 's most recent film ?
which connecticut senator who was in office in 2010 was elected latest ?
what currency is used in the place with federal supreme court of switzerland ?
who is the coach of the sports team which calls none4 its home ?
what city do bernard madoff and fictional character juliet van heuson live ?
what money is used where `` la hora de la siesta '' takes place ?
the fictional character , liverpool2 , lived at 251 menlove avenue , england in the liverpool8 world museum . ?
where mary shelley 's parents killed by sepsis , and who were they ?
what type of painting that appeared in orpheus did marc chagall also do ?
what degrees were earned by the subject of the film none4 ?
what country is home to cervejeira europeia cereuro tagus beer and does trade with mexico ?
who was marriage to actress veronica lake and also produced the film the condor ?
what was released in finland that starred ian somerhalder ?
who won the 2007 nobel peace prize and held a position in the united states house of representatives of representatives ?
what building that one could hang out at is located at 111 south michigan avenue in chicago , il ?
what is the main language of the country where the language idoma is spoken ?
which actor was the mother of michael j. fox ?
which movie from japan is omar epps in ?
what political district with governmental body european parliament is where portuguese is spoken ?
which louisiana state senator most recently ended a judicial tenure ?
what tourist attractions are near the location where the film `` angel and the badman '' was filmed ?
what schools did roger cotes ' advisor go to ?
which musician who influenced michael jackson passed away from cardiovascular disease ?
what is the flag of the country that the film `` big men '' takes place in ?
what is the name of the currency used in the country where the newspaper brazil em folhas is circulated ?
what 's the nationality of the artist nominated for laundry service role ?
which movies starring quentin tarantino were directed by quentin tarantino0 ?
where is the birth place of the music producer of poguetry in motion ?
what type of government is used in both china and romania ?
who inspired the creator of the vincent van gogh0 art series ?
what year did the nba team at american airlines arena win the championship ?
name one of the inventions created by the subject of the film `` the secret life of leonardo da vinci '' . ?
what is the art style of the visual artist who created the art series blue nudes ?
which philosopher was influenced by girard desargues and went on to influence niccolò machiavelli ?
what whig party member influenced abraham lincoln to run for president ?
what timezone does the country that uses the swedish riksdaler currency have ?
what countries where myanmar1s come from have a standing army of more than 200000 ?
what is the starting point for the water found under the dona ana bridge ?
where is the branch of government where the politician carlos p. romulo works located ?
what is the political system of the country where nigerian breweries star beer is brewed ?
what city currently home to ryan lochte has a jurisdiction named alachua county ?
what is the official language of the government in which s. r. nathan is employed ?
what are things to see in downtown chicago with an image of the skyline ?
what state was the person who said `` yes we can ! '' born ?
what language is spoken in the place `` the carbon collective '' is based in ?
what national sports are played in the country that holds the government jurisdiction of the 16th cabinet of puerto rico ?
what politician served in the popular democratic party that won the puerto rico rican governor election ?
the country that held the legislative session of the 5th new zealand parliament exports to what countries ?
where do the appalachian mountains run through québec ?
what military combatant involved in the military conflict of the battle of bussaco also fought in the 1991 gulf war ?
what other things has the actor who played ian somerhalder4 been in ?
what city contains the neighborhood plaza-midwood and the nascar hall of fame ?
what did the actor nominated for the golden laurel for top female comedy performance award die of ?
what new movie had robert pattinson in it and deborah aquila as film casting director ?
what time zone is used in the governmental jurisdiction that includes an office holder named paul nesbitt ?
the bahamas was where emanuel lasker was born , but what type of government do they have ?
what taylor lautner film was followed by a sequel named the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 ?
the thistle is the official symbol of which united kingdom country ?
what does rob kardashian do for a living that was also the subject of the women ?
what republican party officials have represented the state of illinois to the us house ?
what movie stars robert pattinson and was directed by david cronenberg ?
where is puerto galera , oriental mindoro located and is there a governing position of senator ?
who is the senator in the same jurisdiction as the connecticut attorney general in 2010 ?
the location where the film `` the last leprechaun '' takes place has which political system ?
what god do catholics believe in who said , `` repent : for the kingdom of heaven is at hand . `` ?
what contributed to the story of the film metamorphoses and prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what are the colors of the sports team whose arena stadium is the at & t stadium ?
find the actor who played petty officer cora `` weps '' raikes , where were they born ?
what did ron howard direct that featured rita ryack as the costume designer ?
what movie that was producted by roy lee did jenna dewan play in ?
fin the area affected by hurricane frank , what is the name of the money used in this area ?
which politician who is ruling north korea now ended his/her government position latest ?
who are the judges in the court in which supreme court of the united states6 serves ?
who inspired the artist that created the vincent van gogh0 art series ?
which person both wrote james t. kirk0 and played james t. kirk ?
what movies about the taylor lautner1 sage have taylor lautner in them ?
what is the name of the ocean that the river sesheke flows into ?
where was the person to whom united states congress dedicated his/her work buried ?
name the us state that includes princeton-plainsboro teaching hospital and features the appalachian mountains in its topography . ?
where was the author of without end born that is also where the uefa euro 2012 tournament was held ?
what influenced abraham lincoln0 to become president of the united states of america ?
portland was the location site of which film starring taylor momsen ?
what is the official language where canchim originated ?
what guitar is played by the actor who played 'the louisiana gator boys member # 4 ' ?
which country has italian and chinantecan among its languages ?
what currency is accepted in the areas damaged by the cyclonic tropical depression two-e ?
the subject of the film gone too soon performs what kinds of music ?
which of the players drafted by the cleveland cavaliers is now a tv personality that has appeared more recently than others ?
who are iran 's major trading partners and is an administrative division of the united arab emirates ?
what job is shared by both michael renault mageau and tim gunn ?
name the government features in the film the devil with hitler ?
which airport is the closest to the downtown area of the fictional universe regenesis ?
who did the actor who played in the film `` circuit 1:9 '' marriage ?
what year did the red so beat the chicago cubs in the world series ?
what time zone is used in the place depicted in the image brazil.jpg ?
what movie features costume design by mary zophres and stars ryan gosling ?
what nation had a position called commander in chief of home forces ?
who served as lincoln 's vice president and later died in elizabethton ?
what mathematician discovered neptune ?
what is the time zone where the newspaper , cleveland press , is circulated ?
who wrote frankenstein ?
who were the kids that produced silk electric ?
find the area that uses a currency called brazilian brazilian cruzado , what language is spoken there ?
name the university with the smallest number of postgraduates that michelle obama also graduated from ?
which nba finals year have the new york knicks winning the nba championship series 4 to 1. ?
what are the sights to see , with the governmental body , in the political district gobierno de la comunidad de madrid ?
what currency is used in the country that uses the ceiba pentandra as its official symbol ?
what films was omar epps in that was released after 12-10-97 ?
what country 's government is the government of ireland and the native language is english ?
what members of the jackson family helped produced none2 . ?
what political system does gebel elba 's home nation observe ?
which carolina panthers coach was coaching from the latest year ?
what coming of age movie did selena gomez star in ?
what is the name of the quarterback for the team in miami ?
what time zone is in the bahamas at the location near venice municipal airport ?
who influenced niccolò machiavelli ?
which st. louis cardinals coaches were also baseball players ?
what film features music by edward sheamur and features taylor lautner ?
who is the football player that has the smallest attempts statistics as well as being the falcons quarterback ?
which country has italian as a spoken language and is where the flemish live ?
what is the mascot of the sports team whose arena is at & t park ?
where did the turkish people originate from and was also ruled by christian iv of denmark of denmark '' -u ?
which singer for pink floyed had regular tv appearances until january 3 , 2006 ?
what government is in place where emanuel lasker born and is the current voting system japan has ?
what movies did donna gigliotti produce that were jane austen books ?
what movie used sound mix that ryan gosling stared in ?
what is the time zone of the area affected by the tropical storm fabio ?
what did the author of william shakespeare2 become famous for ?
who served in the military unit james earl jones0 and played darth vader at the end of return of the jedi ?
which movie that matt dallas starred in was released in germany ?
who is the none0 of the country in which the new zealand house of representatives is in place ?
which state senators have an official seal of ditat deus ?
in the film that marhsal kupp is an actor in , what actor plays the character damien ?
what member of the order of the bath was involved in the israeli–palestinian conflict ?
what movie was distributed by medium dvd and features liam hemsworth ?
what television show did jill wagner play in that had the largest number of seasons ?
how many kids were in the kennedy family , who contributed to the story of the film a profile in courage ?
what river does the water by the asb bridge flow into ?
which country that was once home to bernie bernard madoff was involved in the battle of talavera ?
who are the representatives from colorado in the united states house of representatives ?
what language is not only spoken in brazil , but is also the language in the heroes in hell fictional universe ?
what year did the baseball franchise that currenly play in citi field first win the world series ?
what films star taylor lautner and have costume designs by nina proctor ?
can you tell me the children 's names of the producer of sometimes late at night ?
oswald morris ' cinematography was seen in this film in which diana ross had a role . ?
what actor starred as jan edgecomb was featured as sarah wittle in the movie jumanji ?
what industry does the new owner of kosmix work in ?
for what is the artist who was nominated for awards for `` roald dahl2 '' famous ?
what is the current form of government for a country with the coat of arms of russia ?
who played bella in the film that stuart gavert worked on ?
which film about huffing did ian somerhalder play in ?
what shows have greater than 16 episodes and feature shawnee smith ?
what language is spoken in the location where the movie `` cast away '' takes place ?
what type of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky music appears in the film in the shadow of the stars ?
when did the orioles win the pennant with the los angeles dodgers as championship runner-up ?
what are the primary languages that the high offices of government use in israel ?
who knows what can be seen near the lomography gallery store in austin ?
which 2010 senator has an official symbol of american shad ?
find the neighborhood that is home to 7th arrondissement , where did this area get it 's name ?
which country that osama bin laden lived in was the subject of the film `` buddha collapsed out of shame '' ?
who are the siblings of none8 author ?
what is the state falg of the state where the shining 's `` overlook hotel '' is located ?
what san francisco hotel structure , that opened after 1875-10-02 , should i stay in ?
which movies were filmed at washougal that taylor lautner stared in ?
what was the quentin terantino film that was the prequel to once upon a time in mexico ?
which movies made for television did diana ross play in ?
of the schools that barack obama attended , which organization was founded most recently ?
what money is used where the devapathiraja college is located ?
for what did the author who published editions for `` thoughts on the education of daughters '' fight ?
which airport is a location from the film `` road to bali '' ?
which writer , who was buried after april 23 , 1616 , influenced charles dickens ?
what movie does leo howard play in was edited by bob ducsay ?
what time zone is in the locations near venice municipal airport in florida ?
what high school is ralph wiggum 's alma mater an is currently attended by bart simpson ?
what movie did madonna appear in that was produced by columbia pictures ?
what language do they speak in the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
what country has a government office holder named queen victoria4 and was ruled by queen victoria ?
in what movie , with kami asgas as a crew member , did taylor lautner star in ?
find the producer of the globe sessions , what type of breast cancer did she have ?
in what city was the speaker who publicly spoke about education reform born in ?
what 2013 virginia senator has also been governor ?
in the film `` young abraham lincoln '' , what was the name of the main character 's wife ?
what film was directed by ron howard and has german ties ?
what language , belonging to the gallo-romance languages family , is spoken by people in switzerland ?
which movie , nominated for an award for the role of nick , stars kat dennings ?
what language is spoken in the neighborhood of kallang ?
who was the spouse of the producer for are there more than three dimensions ?
find the original origin for the dog breed pungsan , what is the political system of that location ?
what degrees did the person quoted to say `` none4 '' get ?
on which continent is the affected area of the cyclone tropical depression 2-e located ?
where did the guest speaker at the 1949 presidential inauguration of harry s. truman die ?
which euro currency nation was once ruled by philip iv of spain ?
what country with the argentina peso currenty were we fighting in the gulf war ?
what school did the contributor to art in the book l'antitãªte , vol . iii : le dã©sespã©ranto attend ?
what currency is used in the country with saint ann parish ?
who is the colorado representatives that had his government position from the latest ?
what is the current government type in the area where dmitry medvedev was appointed to a government position ?
at what place of higher learning where you 'd find the university of oxfordniversity rfc team did robert hooke receive an education ?
what currency is used by the country containing southern leyte ?
what is phoebe halliwell 's real name , and the person that has the medical condition none4 ?
who is the new zealand2 of the country that has cook islands ?
what was the occupation of the famous person who lived in frombork ?
what basketball team did the person who attended robert g. cole junior high school first play for ?
which men held government posts as vp for lincoln after abraham lincoln4 ?
who was the coach of the team with mascot named indianapolis colts blue in 2011 ?
when did the team who won the 2012 stanley cup finals championship game most recently win the stanley cup ?
what pro athlete started his career after 2001 and was the 2012 falcons quarterback ?
where is the college university of alabama0 attended located ?
which of jane aunited states of americaten books has a character named beavis and is also a movie ?
l-innu malti is the national anthem in the country that speaks which language ?
what is the political system where the iranian rial is used ?
the location that appointed national people 's congress to governmental position has what currency ?
who were the quarterbacks of the team with mascot named cincinnati bengals
what basketball team owned by stan kroenke has a mascot that goes by the name rocky ?
if you are in the state that has a capital of topeka , what time zone are you in ?
of the boston celtics current roster , which is the pro athlete who started his career the latest ?
which team owned by usher did carlos boozer play for ?
what middle eastern country speaking arabic language uses the emirate of ajman as main trading currency ?
what sports team owned by jerry buss did lamar odom play for ?
what portuguese-speaking country uses the central african cfa franc ?
what cities in the central european time zone does ryanair fly to ?
what is the official language that is used in the country that uses renminbi ?
what is the type of government where the tv show the bride with white hair was filmed ?
what college did sanjay gupta attend that publishes the michigan review ?
which team with a mascot named ragnar did hank baskett play for in 2010 ?
what location appointed stephen harper to governmental position andn is where do the appalachian mountains run through ?
donald thompson is part of the organization started up by whom ?
which languages are used for communication in the nation whose national anthem is sa'idi arabic0 ?
northern cyprus is part of the country which accepts which currency ?
who held his governmental position from january 22 , 1969 and was richard nixon2 when richard nixon was president ?
who is the coach of the sports team owned by none6 ?
in what city would you find the educational institution whose newspaper is the athenaeum ?
who owns the organization who had a persident of technology as of 2012 ?
what type of currency is used in the country with noble patria , tu hermosa bandera as its national anthem ?
what was the college major of someone who is a basketball player and went to emsley a. laney high school ?
ang thong province is part of what country where burmese cats originate ?
who is the quarterback of the super bowl vii championship team ?
which system of government can be found in the country that has a national anthem called national anthem of the islamic republic of iran ?
what city has roman colosseum and hosted 1960 summer olympics ?
the sports team with the fight song the baltimore fight song last won which super bowl ?
what city in central european time zone did gregor mendel live in ?
the religious text mul mantar has what basic beliefs ?
what religion do the people in the location that appointed vladimir putin to a governmental position ?
which religion did james k. polk believe in , where the religious place of worship is the trinity independent chapel ?
what is the name of the illustrator of the book the fish , the fighters and the song girl who inspired vincent van gogh ?
which team coached by rick carlisle did lamar odom play for in 2012 ?
what type of political system is in place where thabo mbeki holds a government position ?
when was the first championship won by the team whose mascot is benny the bull ?
where did barack obama go to school where the newspaper was the `` columbia daily spectator '' ?
what country containing hawke 's bay did queen elizabeth ii reign ?
which us president succeeded the president known for having addison ; s disease after their death ?
what year was the super bowl won by the team with the mascot pittsburgh steelers ?
who took over the role of president when the person who attended edward devotion school lost his life ?
what type of political system does the country that has tehran province have ?
what buildings were designed by the architect who was responsible for the reich chancellery ?
where is nineveh city located and whose country has the capital of baghdad ?
what country bordering china that is inorth korea time zone ?
in the film with the character hallie parker , who did kat graham play ?
what city that hosted the 1952 winter olympics does ryanair fly to ?
at what educational institution with the mascot maroon tiger did martin luther king , jr. receive an education ?
where is afrikaans language spoken in the west africa time zone '' -u zone ?
where is the headquarters of the united nations security council ?
what are bordering countries to the country with national anthem none0 ?
what team that won the 1975 world series championship did deion sanders play baseball for ?
rita benson leblanc is owner of the sports team with who as head coach ?
what is the state flower of the place that have jim edgar as its government official ?
where did the person who lived in star island go to high school ?
what is the modern day capital of the country with the national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady ?
what architect desinged the barnegat lighthouse and also fought the battle of gettysburg ?
what country has the great pyramid of giza and is in eastern european time zone ?
what team did tom landry play for that won the 1956 nfl championship ?
when did the team with a mascot named rally win the world series ?
what team did lamar odom play in that the head coach is rich carlisle ?
what is the spoken language in the country that appointed national people 's congress ?
what zoo is fun to see in houson that opened september 1922 ?
on which continent is the nation whose national anthem is known as himno istmeño located ?
marc heuãinger is a person in the organization which originated when ?
what school did bill gates go to that publishes the harvard crimson ?
what language is used in the country that has national anthem bilady bilady , bilady ?
what type of government is used in the country that uses renminbi as its currency ?
what team that won the 2011 nba finals championship did tyson chandler play for ?
in the film that has a charcter named none0 , who played michael myers ?
what religion followed by the ottoman turks had notable figure marcion of sinope ?
which type of currency is utilized in the country that includes the location of el seibo province ?
what team did the famous athlete who attended dallas mavericks0 play for ?
what are the primary imports and exports of the nation whose national anthem is `` march forward , dear mother ethiopia '' ?
the tv show dexter was filmed in what city where the miami marlins are from ?
who has been the owners of the sports team that has fred hasner as the coach ?
which university did jack london attend that has an athletic squad called california golden bears men 's basketball ?
what empire in the country with budapest as its capital did maria theresa ruled ?
what languges are spoken in the country where the form of currency is the singapore dollar ?
which forms of government are present in the nation where brazilian real is the currency employed ?
edinburgh is the capital of which nation that is a prominent trading partner of germany ?
where 's the country , that has the national anthem of ishy bilady , located at ?
what political system is used in the country with national anthem called angentine national anthem ?
what is the type of government in the country whose capital is brazil ?
what year did the team with the mascot d. baxter the bobcat win the world series ?
what centrail time zone airport do you fly in to get to destin , fl ?
where did the famous person who went to edward devotion school get shot at ?
what was the original name of the team who has the fight song `` hail to the washington redskins '' ?
the country which contain guayas in 2012 has who as president ?
what arabic language speaking country did zola levitt present was filmed in ?
what continent is the country that contains kwazulu-natal part of ?
where all have the notable person who once lived in downe , kent and his wife lived ?
if you are in a country visiting the nord-est department what languages would be spoken ?
what currency is used in the country that has guna yala ?
what is the location of origin for the architect who designed mount vernon ?
what country has a population of less than 8204168 and includes nina dobrev as someone with the nationality ?
what language is spoken in the country where rio de janerio is ?
what film with character named jay murphy did jame frey write ?
luanda is the capital of which country that trades with portugal ?
which football franchise has fred the red as a mascot and once had tim howard playing for them ?
chrysler group llc canada 2011 is an organization owned by whom ?
what is the political system of the country with society of jesus '' -g ?
what are the main beliefs of the religion that has ali as a figure ?
what is the location of the school where robert harold ogle is a grad student ?
who are the representatives from the state whose capital is denver ?
what type of government does the country with national people 's congress have ?
sports team owner rocky wirtz has who as his team 's head coach ?
what team whose mascot is dallas mavericks man had lamar odom as a player in 2012 ?
the religious text islam0 has what holidays ?
what basketball team with head coach doc rivers did matt barnes play for ?
what team owned by george steinbrenner did deion sanders play for ?
the country that includes samsun province uses what type of currency ?
where are the places to stay in the place that hosted 1900 summer olympics ?
what american state located within the central time zone has a county named canadian county ?
what car companies does ford motor company credit own ?
what is the holy book of the religion whose sacred site is kushinagar ?
what is the actor who attended quaker valley high school in ?
what is a religion in massachusetts whose worship places include kingdom hall ?
what us state has a capital named lincoln and is where louisville , ne is located ?
which american league baseball team were the winners of the 1992 world series ?
what languages are spoken in the country with mendoza province ?
the country with the national anthem valiant quisqueyans takes what type of currency ?
what political party did the architect who designed charlotte country courthouse belong to ?
what is the postal mail code for the city in south korea that hosted the 1988 summer olumpics ?
what is the sport played by the 1945 stanley cup champions ?
which is the most recent super bowl won by the football club that claimed the super bowl xli championship ?
who are the children of the artist of the `` this is it tour '' ?
a person studying family , youth and community sciences is in what education field ?
what languages are spoken in arabic language8 's country ?
which language is used for verbal communication in the nation where the red sea governorate can be found ?
what show with tv character mother abagail did shawnee smith play in ?
who is worshiped by the religion who believes god in islam ?
who was an influence to the illustrator of the book `` de memoire d'homme : poeme art '' ?
where is walton county , georgia , where the location time zone is utcâ05:00 ?
what are the capital cities of the nation which imports from zimbabwe ?
of the two state senators of georgia , who held his governmental position from after jan 3 , 2003 ?
what football team 's with mascot named rowndy did emmitt smith play for ?
what argentina religion has a type of places of worship named chapel ?
what is the style of art that was produced by the individual who attended willem ii college ?
in which geographical locations is the honduran lempira the main currency ?
where asian country neighboring vietnam got involved in the vietnam war and also includes the bokeo province ?
the nation that has as its national anthem jamaica , land we love has what as its major language ?
which country has the capital of akkadian empire ?
what language is spoken in the country where the show the bride with white hiar was filmed ?
what is the language spoken where santiago de cuba province is ?
what type of religion with places of worship called chapel did massachusetts have ?
what spanish speaking country contains the alta verapaz department ?
what form of money is used in the country that contains the mae hong son province ?
who are the senators from the state whose capital is salt lake city ?
the person who was educated at monroe county high school attended which high school ?
what country has an airport which served nigmegen and has adopted the euro as its currency ( 1 point ) ?
when did the champion of 1969 world series championship win the pennant ?
what was invented by the architect that made edison 's black maria ?
the team with the mascot burnie won the championship in what year ?
who does portugal trade with that contains zacatecas ?
what currency is used in the country where the capital is santiago ?
where is the capital city bamako located ?
who currently serves as president in the country whose official currency is renminbi ?
the country that contains sabaragamuwa province would require me to take what money ?
what language is used in the country with iranian rial as its currency ?
the country that contains cuando cubango province is located where ?
which player who started his career earliest was a 2012 baltimore ravens quarterback ?
what are spoken languages used in country with jamaica dollar currency ?
where was the vietnam war located in the indochina time zone ?
what country , with the capital brazilia , speaks italian ?
what is the name of the facility where the team with the mascot named rally play ?
what currency is used in the country with agusan del sur ?
what state hosted the 1904 summer olympics ?
where is the angolan angolan kwanza located ?
where is howard university located , that appointed vincent c. gray , to a governmental position ?
what year did the basketball team that coached by tom thibodeau win their first championship ?
where with mascot harry s. truman0 did harry s. truman go to school ?
the nation whose national anthem is hatikvah has what as its religion ?
what is the form of the government used in the country with national anthem north korea0 ?
who is the head coach '' -g of the sports team whose organizational leadership includes someone named massimo moratti ?
boston is the capital of what us state where harvard university is located ?
what team that has a mascot named lou seal did deion sanders play baseball for ?
where did bernard madoff live that in the time zone is utcâ05:00 ?
the organization monsanto2 owns what ?
who are the two senators of the state that appointed jim edgar to a government position ?
which holidays are celebarated by the religion that includes the sunnah religious text ?
which new jersey senator held his governmental position latest ?
the country where vienna is located has what city as its capital > ?
where does the team play that won the 1933 stanley cup finals championship ?
what us state has a capital named hartford and where glastonbury connecticut is located ?
the country that contains trelawny parish uses what type of currency ?
what super bowls were won by the team with the mascot named rise ?
what is the type of political system in moscow ?
who held his governmental position from after january 8 , 1857 and was vice president under lincoln ?
people from the country that has the national anthem syriac language0 people speak what languages ?
what was the thomas jefferson2 's role in the declaration of independence that designed poplar forest ?
what major russian religion believes in mahdi ?
in which city was the tv program burn notice taped and that also is the location where the miami marlins baseball team originats ?
which museum established latest can be seen in downtown chicago ?
what famous person who went to edward devotion school that died first ?
in the movie with the character shittle engineer , who plays lois lane ?
what currency is used in the country that has the national anthem bilady , bilady , bilady ?
what is the birthplace of the person who went to school at state elementary school menteng 01 ?
the country with the capital of ankara uses what type of currency ?
what is a major city in the country that uses ukraineian ukrainian hryvnia as its currency ?
which player started his career in 2003 and was drafted by the none3 ?
the country that contains kuala lumpur is in what time zone ?
where is the headquarters of the organization led by frank rose located ?
which languages are spoken in the country where buenos aires is located ?
what type of art practiced by the person who once lived at le cateau-cambrésis-cambrã©sis do ?
what year did steve bisciotti 's team win the super bowl ?
wich province was home ot the 1988 winter olympics held in ?
what form of currency is used in the country with the national anthem aruba dushi tera ?
which of the none0s in close proximity to tennessee is the place where dale bumpers was selected to hold a political job ?
which country does china border , and that contains azad kashmir ?
who is the current leader where bashar al-assad holds a government position ?
who leads the nation in which hama is a part of ?
what form of art are done by the person who illustrates the book de divina proportine ?
the country that contains trelawny parish uses what type of money ?
what language is used in the country where san jose is the capital ?
where did the famous person who went to mcmaine magnet secondary school attend college ?
who is the owner of the championship football team that won super bowl xxxix ?
what film with character named grinch has taylor memsen been in ?
what city are you in if you a purchasing a cornell university daily sun newspaper ?
what is the time zone of the country where the capital is abuja ?
what country did the vietnam war take place that has a capital hanoi ?
which country where abdullah ii of jordan holds a government position speaks arabic language ?
what nation was the filming location of the tv program zola levitt and spke the arabic language ?
what religion is followed in argentina and whose house of worship include the church ?
who was the florida0 in 2011 of the us state with the capital city of tallahassee ?
where are the great pyramid of gizas of giza located and the place that appointed hosni mubarak to a governmental position ?
what mountain time zone '' -u does sierra nevada nevada run through ?
the country with the anthem swiss psalm uses what type of currency ?
what money is used by the country that employs jamaica , land we love as its national anthem ?
what city hosted the 1980 summer olympic and is where roman abramovich live ?
what team has a mascot called rocky the mountain lion , and is owned by stan kroenke ?
what education institution is the cherwells newspaper from and also where robert hooke got his education ?
which actor portrayed a character known as naboo courier and also obi-wan kenobi kenobi ?
what other years did the champion of the 1957 nba finals win the championship ?
what are the teams from the country with the capital of amman ?
what religion that includes the notable figure david does george soros believe in ?
which languages are used for communication the nation that has the philippines peso as its currency ?
what fun things are there to do in philadelphia in the utc−05:00:00 time zone ?
what spoken languages are used in the country with national anthem drå¾avna himna bosne i hercegovine ?
where is the college with the hilltop newspaper located ?
nashville is the capital of this state which also has the tennessee river . what state would this be ?
what united kingdom country 's capital is belfast ?
what language is spoken in the location of the movie the bride with white hair ?
which nba seasons has the team run by james dolan is the champion ?
which languages are employed by the organization that is led by the argentina0 ?
the country of abuja has was type of political lsystem ?
to what political party does the notable personage who was educated at noelani elementary school belong ?
where did the flemish live that uses the cfp franc as currency ?
what degrees did the famous person who went to neolani elementary school receive ?
in the movie that features tyler crowley , who plays jacob black ?
who is the current leader of where `` the bride with white hair '' takes place ?
santiago de cuba province is in the country with who as president in 2009 ?
the person who once lived in le le cateau-cambrésis produced what type of artwork ?
what country that uses the east caribbean dollar currency does the united kingdom import from ?
people from the location that appointed anwar sadat to governmental position speak what languages ?
what timezone is oklahoma city state in ?
what was the last championship won by the team whose head coach is tom thibodeau ?
the location that appointed nicolas sarkozy to govermental position uses what type of currency ?
what is the national currency of the country that has bilady , bilady , bilady as its national anthem ?
who is the illustrator of the book wars donât bring lasting peace , only lasting death and influenced vincent van gogh ?
when was the pennant won by the team that won the 1986 world series championship ?
what country contains the wine regions that produces lancers wine style and trades with mexico ?
what 's the main language spoken in the country , that includes the region of basel-stadt ?
in what state was the organization whose leadership includes someone called michael c. gould founded ?
where was the vietnam war located whose capital is hanoi ?
what gods are worshipped in the religion that uses the sunnah text ?
team owner steve bisciotti 's sports team uses what colors ?
which countries included in western europe , where the country capital is bonn ?
the country that has the national anthem national anthem of peru uses what currency ?
what are the three official languages of the country , that includes wallonia ?
what languages are spoken in the location that appointed anwar sadat to governmental position ?
which places are good to visit in the city of denver in the mountain time zone '' -u ?
what form of breast cancer did the famous person whose primary field of study in college was music composition , performance , and education ?
the country which uses the form of currency of cambodian riel speaks what languages ?
what country with a capital of brazilia did the flemish people come from ?
what is the money utilized in the nation whose national anthem is hatikvah ?
which team owned by ralph wilson did terrell owens play for in 2010 ?
which football organization that claimed victory in super bowl xi had howie long as a player ?
what show shot in new york that has a character named mother abagail ?
what movie starring kat dennings that has a character named nick fury ?
what is the type of money used where the mae hong son province is ?
what country has english as a native and uses the euro as currency ?
in 2012 , who was none0 of the country with the national anthem noble patria , tu hermosa bandera ?
who is the current ruler of the country where kaesong is ?
what art movement was the illustrator of the book `` pablo picasso '' -u4 '' part of ?
what is the the type of govenement where the riyadh region is ?
what is the capital of the country which inludes the duisburg airport ?
for what sports team with a mascot named g man did rasheed wallace play ?
what language is used in the country where the albanian lek is used ?
which years did the 1970 world series winners also win the pennant ?
which baseball team with the mascot called crazy crab did deion sanders play for ?
what language do people speak in the country that has kaduna state ?
what is the official language of the eastern catholic churches ?
the country which uses the renminbi currency has who as current leader ?
what catholicism0 does the chavagnes international college church follow ?
nina dobrev 's nationality is the same as what country with the smallest net migration number ?
what form of art were created by the person who illustrated the book de divina proportione ?
who was the team , that won the 1992 nba finals championship ?
what languages are spoken in the country that uses pakistani rupee ?
who is iran 's major trading partner and has a capital called antananarivo ?
who is the head coach of the team whose mascot is benny the bull ?
what turkish speaking country has the capital of skopje ?
what religion are the people who follow the sunnah text ?
in `` the wiz , '' what character was played by the artist who went on a concert tour called this is it tour ?
where 's the country that includes dubai located ?
what is the time zone of the us state whose capital is salt lake city ?
what are the beliefs of the religion whose sacred site is harmandir sahib ?
who portrays faramir in the movie featuring the character gothmog ?
which 2012 baltimore ravens quarterback is the player who began his career last ?
what is the state flower of the us state whose capital city is denver ?
the country which uses the singapore dollar currency speaks what languages ?
what things is the architect who designed thomas edison2 known for ?
what team has the mascot named lou seal ?
what us president started the us federal reserve systemeral reserve board ?
who held govermental office last and is the illinois house representative ?
what is the country where the burundian franc is used as currency ?
when was the last time the team that won the 1973 nba finals championship won a championship ?
what team with mascot named dallas mavericks man did steve nash played for ?
what religions are followed in the country with national anthem of russia ?
what educational institution with iowa state universityate daily newspaper did george washington carver go to ?
the country with the capital of wellington accepted what currency ?
what national sports team are in the the country that has tafilah governorate ?
what country does south africa export to where the capital is dodoma ?
what structure started construction in 1840 is in liverpool , england ?
what central time zone country has spanish as their main language ?
located in the time zone utc−05:00:00 , where is lake waynoka , ohio ohio ?
where did barack obama go to school where the newspaper is the `` columbia daily spectator '' ?
what religion with religion sacred site of jerusalem does argentina have ?
what international organization is a part of the tv show `` none2 '' ?
wehn did the team with the mascot named benny the bull last win the championship ?
what is the official language where the national peoples congress is ?
what school with the cavalier daily newspaper did robert f. kennedy go to ?
of the films filmed in new york , which film has a character named , randall flagg ?
where does the team with poe as its mascot play its home games ?
who was the vice president under lincoln who joined the government the latest ?
limpopo is in a country located on which continent ?
which team whose fight song is `` the victors '' did jim harbaugh play for ?
what type of money is used in the country with the thai national anthem ?
what city is the headquarters of cornell university center for the study of economic and society ?
which gods are worshiped in the religion that believes in sharia ?
what team did charles barkley played in that won the charles barkley6 championship ?
what is the capital of the country where sinhala language is spoken ?
what did the actor that played in the film `` sammy davis , jr. : best of live '' die of ?
whom does the subject of the image `` allah.jpg '' worship ?
which country featured in philippines rats is puerto galera , oriental mindoro located in ?
what was the religion of the person who said `` blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted '' ?
what type of religion does the location of the governmental body called the massachusetts house of representatives have ?
which movies did matt bomer act in , and was decorated by karen o'hara ?
which of the four nations comprising the united kingdom was ruled by james vi and i and james i ?
where did the subject of the image `` neilgaimannov04 '' grow up ?
what college did the person who said `` yes , we can ! '' graduate from ?
what is the name of the thriller movie staring liam hemsworth ?
what was made by the subject of the image `` a 1954 u.s. stamp featuring george eastman '' ?
what movie was taylor lautner in that had a sequel named `` the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1- part 1 '' ?
what organization founded later than 1899 was the owner in 2011 of the chrysler group llc corporation ?
what movies uses the united states dollar as currency and featured actress ashley greene ?
what films about vampire did taylor lautner star in ?
who married the person who said `` eat to please thyself , but dress to please others ? `` ?
what is the person who wrote `` brother sun , sister moon '' the patron saint of ?
what government system do both saudi arabia and abkhazia have ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the aegean cat breed originated ?
what is the language used in the place where the film `` defamation '' takes place ?
where is the best attraction to see near austin that opens the earliest ?
what home of the seneca people was featured in the work `` elizabeth and after '' ?
on what countinent is the bosnia and herzegovina dinar accepted as currency ?
who was inspired by georgia o'keeffe ?
what 's the capital city of the image , location albania europe ?
what teams for which shaquille o'neal played have a forward on their sports team roster ?
what state did the navajo tribe live in and where the character kokopelli was born ?
what is the state massachusetts attorney general6 of the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled massachusetts attorney general ?
the artist nominated for your body is from where ?
what do people in the place where there is a position title called the member of the parliament of south africa speak ?
what currency is used in the country that produces otro mundo garden ale beer ?
what is the national language of the country where the government called government of iran is located ?
what is the government system of the jurisdiction where the french ministry of foreign affairs is located ?
what is the capital city of the modern-day location where the government is called government of egypt ?
what was the birth city of the author of the this statement : `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool . `` ?
to whom was the author who wrote `` the state and revolution '' marriage ?
what was buried in united first parish church and was influenced by baron de montesquie ?
what was the cause of death , of the artist that was award nominated for , black or white ?
which movies directed by penelope sheeris did chris farley star in ?
what southeastern united states area is port st. johns , florida in ?
what is the currency used in the country where breed sloughi originated in ?
who was the father of the person that said `` a good newspaper is a nation talking to itself . `` ?
what other languages do the people from the country where chamorro is spoken speak ?
what region if the miami metropolitan area incldues the marlins home stadium ?
what is the timezone in the country where falcon beer is produced ?
what does the country where harer beer is made import and export ?
in which films does the actor that played the character none6 , act in ?
for what sports team founded after 6 march 1902 does cristiano ronaldo play ?
in which brahui speaking country did osama bin laden live ?
what state was the setting for the lost boys and featured the nascar hall of fame as an attraction ?
which peer of desiderius erasmus prompted william shakespeare to write poetry ?
what was invented by the author of `` poor richard 's almanac of 1757 ? `` ?
what attractions are located in the area of ireland where sin newspaper is circulated ?
what is the country where cuca beer is made ?
who in the kennedy family that started governmental position after john f. kennedy6 ?
when did the boston red sox win their first pennant ?
what currency do they use in the place that has the second level division of cartago ?
what german speaking country has a calling code larger than 357 ?
what is a recently established location in asheville , nc that kind can be taken to ?
what country has the smallest army and speaks engish natively ?
who inspired the author of `` john steinbeck0 '' to write ?
which actor played the son of the character ma tex ?
to which party did the person belong who said , `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency '' ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the brazilian brazilian cruzado novo is acceptable currency ?
in what place , where anchor steam beer is made , can you stay overnight ?
what football player who quarterbacked for the miami dolphins has the lowest passing attempts stats ?
what tv show with the highest number of episodes did kellie martin star in ?
who were inspirations for the subject of the movie `` barack obama anak menteng ? `` ?
what language spoken in sweden is also the language used in the fictional universe jã¶nssonligan ?
which model was marriage to corey feldman ?
which actor who portrayed kirk was born in cã´te saint-luc ?
who is the spouse of the artist nominated for four christmases ?
which of marilyn monroe 's parents died first ?
who 's the new senator of the location , that has a governmental office holder called , none0 ?
which jane austen book was made into a movie that was a movie in which gerald oliver smith played ?
which country has an internet top level domain of ch where italian is spoken ?
which other countries , where the currency of south african pound is used , do they share borders with ?
on which continent is a military combatant who was involved in the battle of kulikovo located ?
for what sports team did emmitt smith play football for in gainesville ?
from what region does the central anatolian shepherd dog come ?
which language is spoken at the location , where the egyptian mau breed originated at ?
which movie does ryan gosling star in , that the music was by mike patton ?
what schools did the artist attend who was nominated for awards for `` martin luther king , jr.2 '' ?
which movies were directed by ron howard and tony reading ?
what movie was liam hemsworth in that was directed by adam davis ?
what is the state massachusetts house of representatives8 of the place that has a governmental body named the massachusetts house of representatives ?
who was the first dictator of the the place where breed moscow watchdog originated in ?
what structures are there to see near austin that opened after austin2 ?
what school in cambridgeshire did sir isaac newton attend ?
what participant in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict died in cairo ?
which language do the pakistani people speak , that belongs to the sacred language family ?
what is there to do and see at the location , in which the newspaper , the miami news , is circulated ?
what is the name of the president in the country where maccabee beer is made ?
what is the kind of poetry the person who said `` be your own palace , of the world is your jail '' writes ?
what is the currency used in the federal government of brazil ?
what kind of music does the singer who was nominated for `` your body is a wonderland '' sing ?
what leader of the communist party of china was influenced by alexander herzen ?
what language is spoken in the country , where el gouna beverage co. and sakara gold beer is made ?
what sights are there to see in the near the town where the sedona red rock news newspaper is circulated ?
what tv show did shawnee smith play in that was nominated for an award with the description `` role : stu redman '' ?
who was the senator in 2010 of the jurisdiction that had a governmental officer holder named none6 ?
what is the name of the sports team whose stadium is called fedexfield ?
the author that published , de revolutionibus orbium coelestium , discovered what ?
what president nis in the image dominikaaninen tasavalta satelliittikuvassa maaliskuussa in 2010 ?
what did the person who said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' do in his life ?
which of the kids of the kennedy family is a politician who ended their governmental position latest ?
what practicing catholic was prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 ?
which film directed by penelope spheeris featured jenna dewan ?
what languages are spoken in the location where the movie `` defamation '' takes place ?
in which country that holds the location of the temple of karnak was pwt born ?
where did the person that stated , `` i have always depended on the kindness of strangers . `` , live ?
what was written by matthew the apostle and centered on jesus christ ?
what type of music is played by the music producer who produced `` john mayer8 '' ?
which member of blackstreet was nominated for a grammy award for best r & b song ?
which standard time is the state that held the u.s. senate election in michigan in 2008 ?
when famous singer whitney houston died , what drugs were found in her during the autopsy ?
what books are written by the same person who wrote `` gregor the overlander ( underland chronicles ( turtleback ) ) 4 ? `` ?
who is a new senator from the state with an official symbol of gold and silver ?
what is the currency used in the country of origin for the basenji breed ?
which northeast state in the united states held the legislative session of the 122nd maine senate ?
which parent of marilyn monroe died in the city of gainesville ?
what thriller movie has liam hemsworth been in ?
where did the subject of the image `` saki '' live ?
in what films does the actor who portrayed none2 appear ?
who produced `` none0 '' and played none7a 's mother ?
what arena where the nashville predators play is a fun place to visit in nashville , tn ?
what was the latest war event that george washington helped win ?
where is arabic language the official language , in the arab world ?
what middle school was attended by the aithor of the audacity of hope ?
what other language is spoken in the country where taiwanese mandarin is spoken ?
during what war that ended after april 21 , 1914 was woodrow wilson president ?
what type of government is used in the birthplace of the samoyed breed ?
of the schools that barack obama attended , which one has the latest date in which it was founded ?
what political division with an official state insect is the home of auburn university ?
which christopher brown directed film was taylor lautner in ?
which of the teams on which manny ramirez played was founded first ?
what movie debuting at the none2 has ryan gosling been in ?
which country is a trading partner of china and has an emissions per capita of 0.008134 metric tons ?
what airport serves the location where the newspaper clearwater beacon is circulated ?
who was born in wisbech and was a parent of mary shelley ?
what are the children of the actor that played in the film `` wiz on down the road '' ?
what is the motto of the state that held the united states senate special election in massachusetts , 2010 ?
which member of the kuomintang political party was the leader of the first communist party of china ?
what movie 's prequel is called eclipse and was played in by taylor lautner ?
what college with the smallest number of postgraduates did barack obama attend ?
where was the actor from the movie `` two virgins '' standing when he got shot ?
what writers were said to be inspirational to the author of the classic novel `` henry fielding2 '' ?
what is the capital city of the country where the prime minister of albania is in office ?
what language is spoken where the breed canchim originated in speak ?
in what region would you find the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position vice president of el salvador ?
what famous person was an inspirational source to the person who quoted `` genius is eternal patience '' ?
what is the time zone of the government jurisdiction that has the position of vice president of brazil ?
what time zone is the government with the position of arizona state senator located in ?
who was in the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict , and was the latest person 's date of death ?
who does the football player , that was purchased in 2011 , by the team real madrid c.f. , play for currently ?
who is the ruler of the place where the pungsan breed of dog originated ?
who influences the author of `` the audacity of hope '' ?
what language is spoken in the government jurisdiction where ma ying-jeou holds office ?
in which movies was ron howard the director , that is from germany ?
what are the team colors of the topic of the image `` logo_pittsburgh.gif '' ?
who influenced albert einstein and was buried in friedhof heerstraãe ?
what language does the country where cervecera del sur del peru cusquena beer is made speak ?
what is the capital city of the government , that has a governmental office holder named edi rama ?
for which team that plays in los angeles does lamar odom play ?
what tv show has a running time of less than 30 minutes and is filmed in new york city ?
what religions are practiced in the area of origin for the none4 ?
what time zone is the place with an official symbol of the common loon ?
what country has a deputy prime minister in the government and trades with portugal ?
what language is spoken by the state administration of foreign exchange ?
which country with the sona district also contains the panama canal ?
what was the latest released movie regina hall was in ?
what religions are there in the country where bochkarev krepkoe beer is made ?
what forms of government are in place where bahamas creole english is spoken ?
of the indian jones movies , which of the movies did river phoenix act in ?
what native of jonesborough wrote luke bryan 's `` drunk on you '' ?
what countries does the government of new zealand export goods to ?
what movie did quentin tarantino star in that had a sequel `` george a. romero 's survival of the dead '' ?
what college with the large number of undergraduates did michael jordan attend ?
what language spoken in switzerland belongs to the west germanic languages family ?
the location where the film , `` shoot 'em up '' takes place , is in which time zone in ontario ?
which president of none1 that served in political party united socialist party of venezuela ?
what currency does the place that has the governmental position title of high commissioner to the philippines use ?
what movie was priduced by jon davison and directed by ron howard ?
which of the football teams for which emmitt smith played was the most recently founded sports team ?
which two movies have robert pattinson starred in , as well as that emma watson acted in ?
where would you find the governmental jurisdiction where alan wilson is a governmental office holder ?
what baptists was a state senator in louisiana ?
what is the sports venue in arlington ?
which district represented by pope innocent iii was controlled by the house of habsburg ?
which university did michael jordan attend , and has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what us county is where the newpaper novato advance is circulated and distributed ?
of the years the boston red sox won the world series , which ended the earliest ?
what theory was put forth by the author of `` mathematical principles of natural philosophy '' ?
what amusement park that opened after 26 may 1973 is a fun place to do in kansas city ?
what language do paskitani people speak that is found in the fictional universe buffyverse ?
what type of government is practiced both in spain and abkhazia ?
what football teams did emmitt smith play for that its arena stadium is university of phoenix stadium ?
what form of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled minister of food ?
where is the topic of the image `` jdbottle factory '' located ?
what location of the siege of vicksburg is the district represented by haley barbour ?
where did catherine , duchess of cambridge live in 2012 that is the administrative division in the country of united kingdom ?
if i am visiting the place where tinima superior beer is made what currency should i bring ?
what is the capital city of the jurisdiction where norm jamison is an office holder ?
which film directed by angelina jolie came out last ?
what form of currency should i take when i visit the location where the film `` holiday in the sun '' takes place ?
what kind of cancer killed the actor who played backson ?
what language spoken in austria was featured in the work `` heart of darkness '' ?
where is the headquarters of fleetboston financial 's acquirers ?
who inspired the subject of the image `` michelangelo-buonarroti1 '' ?
of all the charlie hunnam movies , that he acted in , which film was released earliest ?
what is the setting of `` the pledge ? `` ?
where 's the person that stated , '' mournful and never-ending remembrance . '' , buried currently ?
what is the form of government in south korea and formerly of abkhazia ?
what governmental system is in place in the country of origin of the telomian breed ?
what drugs were the cause of death for the artist nominated for an award for `` i 'm your baby tonight ? `` ?
what city is the birthplace of the actor who was known for playing the character ezekiel 'spoon ' whitmore ?
which films featuring cinematography by taylor lautner0 have featured taylor lautner ?
what spanish speaking country that has their calling code greater than 51 ?
for what state is the subject of the movie barack obama anak menteng senator ?
what was martin luther king , jr. , jr 's way of life that was a subject of the movie , `` budrus ? `` ?
who was the first president of the topic of the image `` russian_federation_ ( orthographic_projection ) '' ?
what languages are spoken in the country where the entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog breed originated ?
who played none9a 's mother and was nominated for none0 award ?
what kind of breast cancer did the artist from the movie `` sheryl crow : wildflower tour '' have ?
what drug did the actor who portrayed the character urethane wheels guy overdosed on ?
in which year did the new york yankees win the championship with the results of 4 - 2 ?
who is the actor that played the husband in the film , up ! live in chicago ?
what country was led by the person who stated `` i would rather have peace in the world than be president ? `` ?
what time zone in tennessee is used in the governmental jurisdiction in which bill purcell is a governmental office holder ?
what teams represent the national sport of the location where the movie `` the proud and the profane '' is set ?
which us state has a type of tree as their official symbol and is also home to mount st. helens ?
what did the actor starring in the film golden shoes play in 2010 ?
who is the mother of the person who produced `` silk electric '' ?
what did the author of `` the cricket on the hearth '' believe in ?
what country did francis duke explore , that is the administrative division in the united kingdom ?
who was betty white 's husband that died in los angeles ?
what film directed by j.j. abrams came out first ?
what kind of money is used in the location of the movie `` frida '' ?
in which state , is the university of west alabama located , and also has an official symbol of a wild turkey ?
which tv series did mark harmon star in , and the tv program episode running time is greater than 60 minutes ?
what contribution to science did author who published editions for micrographia make ?
which artist from `` the wiz '' was award nominated for `` none0 '' ?
in which year did the new york yankees win the championship that was also the brooklyn dodgers 1947 season ?
what arena that was opened after 1-9-1975 that the celtics practice in ?
where do they speak german that was ruled by eric of pomerania ?
on what continent would you find the nation in which cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made ?
what religions are practiced in the circulation area of the newspaper royal thai government gazette ?
where is the childhood home of the person who played charles billingsley ?
which country of origin for the burmese cat has the largest army ?
who is the quarterback of the falcons who completed the least passings in 2none012 ?
who is the leader of the country that has the tishreen newspaper ?
which influencer of samuel taylor coleridge died in chalfont st giles ?
in the country where al ahram beveages co. brews stella beer , what is the primary language used ?
which louisiana state senator was secretary of state ?
what was the genre of art created by the visual artist who made the art series `` butterflies ? `` ?
what language spoken by the blackfoot confederacy indians is mainly spoken in the kingdom of great britain ?
what is the cause of death of the person in the image of ryan dunn crash scene ?
what language , found in the fictional universe buffyverse , do they speak in ghana ?
who 's the vancouver canucks coach , who 's professional sport career ended after 1986 ?
what movie directed by jake szymanski did ron howard direct ?
what languages are spoken in the circulation area of the newspaper new zealand gazette ?
which movies in french has selena gomez starred in ?
what party was the subject of the movie `` young abraham lincoln '' affiliated with ?
where was the person raised who 's featured in the image 800px-selena_gomez_monte_carlo_paris_june_21_2010.jpg ?
who was nominated for the old bilbo6 award that plyed old bilbo ?
what writer influenced charles dickens and died the earliest ?
what is the none64 of the jursidiction over which the governor of colorado presides ?
i which film written by katherine fugate does taylor lautner appear ?
what 's the the country where domari language is the spoken currency ?
what governmental jurisdiction was the first to have the position title prosecutor general of russia president ?
what is the major city in the jurisdiction that has the position title secretary of state for human rights of france . ?
who sang for pink floyd and has been on tv since 01-03-2006 ?
which organization that signed tupac was found the earliest ?
of the four countries comprising the united kingdom , which is the location of hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry ?
what currency is used where the greek drachma is also used ?
where is the birthplace of the public speaker who spoke on energy development ?
where did the breed bosnia and herzegovina coarse-haired hound originate ?
which films produced by eric almquist have featured chris colfer ?
what languages are used in the country where newspaper o pasquim is circulated ?
which currency is utilized , in the country , where hungarian sign language is used ?
what religion is practiced by the people under the jurisdiction of the minister of justice of israel ?
which actor had a role on the jeffersons and passed away in el paso ?
what movies featuring zac efron has the longest tv episode running time ?
what is the current system of government of the subject of the movie `` death in a cornfield '' ?
what languages are spoken in the location where the movie `` arabic language0 '' is set ?
in which years did the detroit pistons win the nba championship and the los angeles lakers finish as runners-up ?
what instruments does the actor who was in `` kathy beth terry is beautiful '' play ?
what fantasy genre movie did taylor lautner play in 2011 ?
what is the modern capital of the country that speaks the domari language ?
who played the character `` club interviewer '' ?
which movies does ryan gosling star in , that was of the genre : thriller ?
the country where the chicomuceltec language is spoken has what type of government ?
where was the subject of the movie `` marilyn '' found dead ?
what other languages are used in the country where breed entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog originated from ?
who is marriage to the actor who played in the movie 5 days to midnight ?
what site of the siege of vicksburg has an official symbol of a wooden duck ?
which kinds of drugs does the award nominated charlie sheen2 do ?
what kind of music does the actor who played in the movie `` john lennon0 '' sing ?
what poltiical party is ideallogically based of off conservatism and inlcded john bell as a member ?
what airport is nearby the governmental jurisdiction where jim lane holds a governmental office ?
which 2013 senators are from the state in which henry justin allen is in office ?
the judges of the court with the title , chief justice of the united states serve what location ?
who is the fiance of the actor who portrayed the marcus hooks character ?
what is the spoken language in the country with government officer named singapore0 ?
what state in the northeastern united states that have an official symbol of acer rubrum ?
what form of government is run in the country which brews guangzhou zhu jiang brewery co.ltd . zhu jiang beer ?
what are the three official languages of the place that has leo belgicus as an official symbol ?
who was the coach of the sports team that uses the pitt stadium as an arena in 2005 ?
where was the actor who played ezekiel 'spoon ' whitmore raised ?
who owned chrysler group llc corporation in 2012 that wrote marine bayonet training ?
what movie stars taylor lautner and was directed by john singleton ?
whence was the person who said `` blessed are they that mourn : for they shall be comforted '' after he was crucified ?
what is the main language spoken in spain and cuba ?
what form of currency is used in the location containing the second level division cartago ?
what club did cristiano ronaldo play for in 2010 that played in the stadium estã¡dio nacional ?
what shows is the actor that played the character jill wagner0 on ?
what is the main language in the country with government of norway ?
what is the type of art the person that said `` the best way to know god is to love many things '' produce ?
which college attended by chris cuomo has the most undergraduates ?
what sports team whose home arena is soldier field did jim harbaugh play for ?
what location of mount st. helens has the most early adapted governmental jurisdiction location symbol ?
what religions are mosr practiced in the country that brews bochkarev krepkoe beer ?
what form of money is used in the governmental jurisdiction where there 's a governmental body called new zealand house of representatives ?
where on a map would you find the location in which the el salvador0 is used as currency ?
what state that adapted it 's symbol after none2 is the university of alabama in ?
what movie that was written by katherine fugate did taylor lautner star in ?
what j.j. abrams movies have been released for distribution in dvd ?
when was the actor that played in the film , recognition of the japanese zero fighter , inaugurated ?
what lodging places are available if you are in the neighborhood 7th arrondissement ?
what ian somerhalder work was from the united kingdom ?
where is the birth place of the fictional brett mckenzie and is also one of china 's trading partners ?
what country borders china and has the smallest number of people in its army ?
what was the first film that matt bomer starred in ?
in what movies have the actor who played robert pattinson6 appeared ?
what j.j. abrams movies have been in the fantasy genre ?
where did the subject of the film leonardo die ?
what is the country where the kambaata language is spoken , imports and exports ?
of the major trading partners of germany , which has a gdp deflator change rate of -0.13 ?
what countries speak arabic language and were a military combatant involved in the iran-iraq war ?
in which state with a secretary of state does bill richardson reside ?
who is the owner of wikimedia foundation who was influenced by friedrich hayek ?
what movies in english has selena gomez been in ?
in what year , did the los angeles lakers win the championship and the washington capitols , were the championship runner up ?
in what year did miami heat win the championship , were the final score was 4 - 2 ?
who dated the actor that starred in the film mission : improbable ?
at what airport does the film `` chicago6 '' take place ?
which major religions are practiced , where the currency , old israeli shekel is utilized ?
what kind of political system does the place that has a position titled the supreme leader of north korea have ?
for what sports team that plays in st. petersburg did manny ramirez play ?
what is the oldest sports team that hank baskett played for in nov 2010 ?
what attractions are there to visit in the location where the film `` shorts '' is set ?
what time zone is the location that has the oakwood–vaughan gmt neighborhood ?
what school did tupac attend , that has an organization headquarters , located in the city of mill valley ?
what is the name of the language in the country where bochkarev krepkoe beer is made ?
what type of money is used in the location where the chihuahua breed originated ?
on what chris farley movie was gary gegan a crew member ?
which language is spoken in the area that has the second level division cephalonia ?
what were the accomplishments of the author of `` last flight ? `` ?
what language do egyptians use that is the main speaking language in saudi arabia ?
what is there to do for fun in the state in which the 2009 mayoral election of houston took place ?
in which timezone is the place where breed drever originated ?
who is the state senator for the place that has a governmental body named the arizona house of representatives ?
of the schools attended by barack obama , which one had the earliest founding date ?
in which time zone is hawaii , that held the united states senate election in 2010 ?
what tv shows was directed by michael perry and filmed in new york city ?
what indiana jones movies did cate blanchett star in ?
which school where f. scott fitzgerald was educated has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what languages are spoken in the home of the aegean cat breed ?
what country has members of the united nations security council and is the location of the movie `` hearts and minds '' ?
what film released after november 17 , 2008 did taylor lautner star in ?
what were the obstacles dealt with by the author of the published editions for the story of my life ?
what university has more than 10293 postgraduates and whose alumni include jack london ?
in what state with an official state tree is port st. lucie , florida located ?
in what movies has the actor who portrayed none0 appeared ?
what area of science did the person who advised roger cotes study ?
what war fought while george washington was president ended on the latest date ?
what movie was robert pattinson in with the production design by scott p. murphy ?
what nfl franchiise has a nose tackle on the roster and had emmitt smith playing for them ?
what movies released after 12-25-2003 did charlie hunnam star in ?
what type government does where the government of egypt located have ?
what school did the person who said `` but thy eternal summer shall not fade '' go to ?
who produced the french movie leave and was marriage to judy garland ?
what movie did taylor lautner and kami asgar starred in ?
what type of religion does massachusetts have that is also the subject of the movie `` worlds apart '' ?
what is the name of the person who plays the voice of timon in the movie with the soundtrack rhythm of the pride landds ?
what college with the number of undergrads greater than 7814 did barack obama attend ?
what is the venue with the largest capacity in nashville ?
which are the countries that the topic of the film `` none6 '' is between ?
what language is spoken in the country that produces brewerkz pilsner lager beer ?
what is the timezone in nevada near the san carlos airport ?
what world war ii soviet union leader was buried in the novodevichy cemetery ?
where is the person buried who 's the subject of the image `` jefferson davis - 1875 '' ?
what cancer was the cause of death for the actor who portrayed larry hagman2 ?
in which timezone is the location where the film `` shoot 'em up '' , takes place ?
for what team did the actor who played in the film `` none4 '' play ?
what movie was madonna in that was edited by richard marks ?
what type of government is run in the region when the swedish vallhund originated ?
what is the capital of the state with a picea sitchensis symbol ?
who is the none0 actor for eric cartman on the tv show with the theme song `` south park theme song ? `` ?
what subject did the person that said `` yes we can ! '' study in college ?
what kind of art was made by the person featured in the movie `` vincent van gogh : painted with words '' ?
in the pakistan supreme court , what language do they speak ?
on which continent is s.a. breweries castle lager beer produced ?
what are the bordering countries of the country where none8 beer is made ?
which country with an internet top level domain of iq is the location of nineveh ?
what tv series starring mark harmon was edited by michael s. mclean ?
what location did the subject of the darwin adventure pass away in ?
what currency is used in the country of origin for the central anatolian shepherd dog ?
what empire ruled by maria theresa has the hungarian ministry of public administration and justice in place ?
which film starring regina hall was directed by neil labute ?
what did the person in the image corbis-42-22533133.jpg get the oscar award for ?
for which movie starring nick cannon did ruth myers design the costumes ?
what form of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction where there 's a governmental body called state administration of foreign exchange ?
what city is hoem to the actor who played in the film `` morrissey : you are the quarry live 2010 '' ?
what was the name of martin luther king , jr. 's parent who died from a firearm ?
where did robert frost , who wrote `` what about harvard university '' , go to school ?
what university with the highest number of graduates did barack obama attend ?
what arena was the 2012 ncca basketball tournament held in ?
which university attended by sir isaac newton has the smallest number of undergraduates ?
what three teams did jim harbaugh play for , and the sports teams was founded after none0 ?
what are the countries that the country where the die vaderland newspaper is exports to ?
what language is spoken in comoros where egyptian is also spoken ?
what movie has liam hemsworth been in that was directed by adam davis ?
where are some of the places i can stay in the location that has government body san francisco board of supervisors ?
which country affected by hurricane irene exports goods to anguilla ?
who got marriage to the athletewho participated in the australian open 2009 men 's final : roger federer vs. nada ?
what does the body of water that flows under masiencia bridge border ?
what movies starring zac efron that was part of high school musical ?
whaich lanague is spoken in the country that brews farsons click lager beer ?
what currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where ibrahim nasir holds a governmental office ?
who became president after the person that said `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names '' was killed ?
which languages are utilized , at the location , where the federal government of brazil is located ?
what is the political system where the currency is the south korean hwan ?
where did the lyracist of `` do i ever cross your mind '' grow up ?
what language is spoken where the egyptian mau breed originated from ?
which airport is closet to downtown where houston4 is a government office holder ?
what school did the artist nominated for `` do the bartman '' go to ?
what was the determination of death , for the person that stated , `` as you think , so shall you become . `` ?
what is the earliest event that happened at nagasaki ?
what area adapted it 's symbol after 1909 and is where the none3 indians came from ?
what concentration camp did the author of `` the diary of a young girl '' die in ?
what attraction should i visit in denver that 's the most recently opened ?
what ian somerhalder work has a tv program run time less than 90 ?
what job does the artist nominated for awards for `` this is my father '' hold ?
what is the official language in the country with the newspaper legal daily ?
which movie that matt dallas starred in debuted at the indianapolis international film festival ?
which person 's date of death is after jan 23,1820 , that raised queen victoria ?
which indo-european languages are spoken in brazil ?
which jane austen book turned movie was directed by julian jarrold ?
in the country where the iran0 is used , what other languages are spoken ?
what country with native speakers of english has a country calling code larger than 64 ?
what languages are spoken in the country represented by the topic of the image `` dannebrog , the danish flag '' ?
what chad michael murray work was produced by the company village roadshow pictures ?
what languages are spoken in the area of circulation for turkey2 ?
which member of congress were influenced by baron de montesquie ?
to whom was the subject of the film `` frost/richard nixon '' marriage ?
which countries was the vietnam war between , and is the location of the fictional universe , lost ?
which states border the body of water under the missouri river8 ?
which hotel in san francisco opened the earliest ?
what form of government is used in the country where guinness foreign extra stout beer is made ?
who does the uk trade with that has a calling code greater than 1 ?
where did the person who said , `` seã±or d'anconia said that you bore him , mr . taggart . '' make their home ?
what movie does chad michael murray act in , and is his latest released film ?
what languages are spoken in the place where the entlebuswitzerlandr mountain dog originated ?
what country is where turkish people originated from and was ruled by eric of pomerania ?
where are the chesapeake bay bridge and jessup located ?
where did the subject of the film barack obama anak menteng attend college ?
what movie did liam hemsworth act in , and that was producted by jim seibel ?
what awards did the actor that played in film morgan freeman8 won ?
what religion was the subject of the film `` la prise de pouvoir par louis xiv of france ? `` ?
of all the indiana jones movies , which was written by willard huyck ?
who were the parents of the subject of the film `` king : a filmed record ... montgomery to memphis '' ?
where in bernard madoff0 did the main focus of the film chasing bernard madoff live ?
who was the artist of mickey mouse who influenced keith haring ?
what language if spoken in the fictional buffyverse and was also spoken by blackfoot confederacy indians ?
where did the actor who played the character waterpark girl grow up ?
which type of government system , is utilized currently , by the subject of the picture , russian_federation_ ( orthographic_projection ) ?
what airport is there at the location of the balvanera neighborhood ?
what movies produced by roy lee has taylor lautner been in ?
what is the political party of the person the movie `` barack obama anak menteng '' is about ?
what is the currency of the area where the constitutional court of turkey is located ?
what currency is used at the place where the movie `` from dust '' takes place at ?
what kind of government does the country where they speak brazilian portuguese have ?
which three people inspired the author who published editions of john steinbeck0 ?
which movie does kat dennings star in , that was directed by peter sollett ?
which languages are spoken , at the country , where brahma bock beer is produced ?
what german movie did ryan gosling star in ?
what do most people speak where the nigerian pound is used ?
which european countries have english as the native language ?
what team did the subject of the film senna belong to ?
what type of government is used in the location of the federal government of mexico ?
what spoken language is used in the area where the newspaper akher saa is circulated ?
what is the timezone in michigan and locations near venice municipal airport ?
what was the cause of death for the actor who played the character `` dr . gitfinger ? `` ?
which actor who portrayed john connor was the executive producer of harsh times ?
which type of currency , does the country where boon rawd singha lager beer , is made officially accept ?
what philosopher inspired michelangelo ?
what kind of government does the location that has a governmental office holder named artur da costa e silva have ?
what language is spoken in the country where the asante dialect is used ?
what professions were held by the author of `` the new atlantis ? `` ?
what is the earliest founded organization that george soros owns ?
where did the author of `` the scarecrow of oz '' live ?
which colleges within the united states of america was attended by george washington carver ?
what is the official language of the country where cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer is produced ?
what government type is operated in the nations that brews bochkarev krepkoe beer ?
what jane austen books were made into movies and have film netflix_ids lower than 948002 ?
in what time zone is the nation that speaks pidgin , nigerian language ?
what movies starring taylor lautner that were released on the dvd ?
which team , did the topic of the movie , cristiano ronaldo0 play for in 2012 ?
what is the earliest super bowl that the miami dolphins won ?
which movie stars both mario lopez and erik estrada ?
which politician who won the presidential race in none1 , ended that tenure after none0 ?
what is the time zone of the setting for the movie `` girls ! girls ! girls ! ? `` ?
what are the types of music sung by the actor who appeared in the film two virgins ?
what time zone is the country where nigerian breweries star beer is made ?
who was the person buried i montpelier who was influenced by baron de montesquieu ?
what picture featuring taylor lautner launched at the stockholm international film festival ?
what book did niccolò machiavelli write that has the latest publication date ?
who is the current leader of the government of north korea ?
in what dance film does nick cannon act ?
what is the currency used in the country where the chicom celtic language is spoken ?
what is the capital of the place where the fictional character tutankhamun lived ?
what country is bosnia and herzegovina3 located in and has an army of greater than 12000 ?
of the children of the kennedy family , which politician ended his/her government position the earliest ?
what is there to do in peoria illinois , and with the street address 942 ne glen oak ave ?
what university with fewer than 8220 enrolled undergraduates did chris cuomo attend ?
what university barack obama attended has the fewest number of postgraduates ?
what is the name of the country that has the andapa district as a second level division and from where the united kingdom imports ?
what governmental jurisdiction does steven agnew belong to ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position prime minister of new zealand ?
in the country where the manager daily newspaper is circulated , what currency is used ?
in the country which brews egypt4 beer , what languages are spoken ?
who did george w. bush run against his second term that held his position until february 1 , 2013 ?
at what university with more than 25540 undergraduates did jack london receive an education ?
of the films in which chad michael murray plays , which was released first ?
what form of government do philippines and abkhazia have ?
what is the modern capital of the country where the chausie breed originated in ?
what religions are in the governmental jurisdiction where there is an office holder named yury chaika ?
what year did the boston red sox beat the colorado rockies to win the pennant ?
what movie with a prequel named `` shiloh 2 : shiloh season '' was taylor momsen in ?
what movie was created in new york city and included ian somerelder in the cast ?
where the topic of the image north dakota.png located ?
who are the senators from the state affected by arizona2 ?
what did the person who the movie `` king : a film record , montgomery to memphis '' about do ?
for what was the person who said , `` writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence '' most well known ?
what currency is used by the country where they make el gouna beverage co. sakara gold beer ?
what movie featuring taylor lautner was directed by john singleton ?
what language is spoken in the country with the governmental position president of czech republic ?
what is the timezone in the country where the swedish valihund breed came from ?
what was invented by prokop diviš and also an invention of benjamin franklin 's . ?
what movie directed by ron howard that was produced by dreamworks studios ?
what movie directed by david slade starred taylor lautner ?
which continent includes the country that is run by the government of south africa ?
what kind of drug did charlene sheen and the subject of the film friday did ?
what forms of government are employed in the country where the people speak libyan arabic ?
who was called mother by the actor in wiz on down the road ?
what continent has a governmental jurisdiction with an officer holder named tony tan ?
where is the birthplace of the political appointee who held the title associate director , white house office of public liaison ?
where did joe namath live in the outer barrier ?
who have been spouses to the movie star who was featured as none2 's ?
what is the earliest structure that opens in bangkok and what can be done there if someone has one day ?
which governmental jurisdiction location has the earliest adapted symbol and also contains mount st. helens ?
who is the governor of the jurisdiction with office holder teller ammons 2009 ?
which countries that use the euro have country calling codes smaller than 32 ?
what person who was elected president of the philippines had the latest date of death ?
which language group begat the danish language and is part of the aragonese language family ?
who is the senator of the state with the louisiana state legislature ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where south africa4 holds office ?
who was the subject of the film , shakesspeare in love and was said to influence samuel taylor coleridge ?
who is marriage to the actor that acted in the film none0 ?
in the country that uses the tashelhiyt language , what currency should be brought ?
which artist created mickey mouse and wrote the film trolley troubles ?
what place can be travelled to in sydney and has the largest venue capacity ?
what is the name of the money used in krusovice royal black beer 's country of origin ?
where in europe is glastonbury , united kingdom ?
what was the major religion used as a topic in the restored and cropped image of mary todd lincoln in the years of 1846-1847 ?
in what cities did the actor who portrayed rusty wells reside prior to his death ?
in what country , with the smallest army , was the temple of karnak built ?
what languages are spoken where the tunisian franc is used ?
what city is the home of president barack obama and the fictional character nick cranley ?
in which year did the team that plays in marlins park win the world series ?
what character does seth macfarlane voice who is the parent of chris griffin ?
what political party was the subject of the film `` young abraham lincoln '' in ?
what type of voting system is used in both japan and the location in which baldur von schirach was born ?
what is the area opened after 07-19-1996 where the atlanta braves play ?
what is the name of the actress that portrays phoebe halliwell ?
what attraction in denver has the address 1340 pennsylvania st ?
what movie was production designed by albert brenner and starred taylor lautner ?
who was elizabeth i of england 's parent who was anglo-catholicism ?
what country includes the city which circulates the newspaper xpress ?
what movie that used funding does zac efron star in ?
what is the birthplace of the actor who played digital underground ?
what forms of government exist in the country that uses the nigerian pound ?
what british movies are omar epps in ?
where is the administrative division , nineveh city , in iraq ?
from what university did the political appointee who held the title director for multilateral affairs receive a bachelor 's degree ?
the new york yankees beat the cincinnati reds in which two world series ' ?
where would one go in order to see the area that the movie `` emmanuelle '' took place ?
who is the none0 where governmental office holder none2 is ?
which film starring taylor momsen was released earliest ?
who is the leader of the country that is within the juridiction that is run by the title syria2 of syria ?
what currency is used in the country where troy beer , by turkeyk tuborg , is produced ?
who was an inspiration to vincent van gogh that died from lung cancer ?
what languages are spoken in the country in which nicolã¡s avellaneda holds office ?
what state has the official symbol of rainbow trout and includes mount st. helens ?
what is the tv show mark harmon stars in with the fewest episodes ?
which language belonging to the gallo-romance languages family is spoken in cambodia ?
what tv shows starring jill wagner have a run time greater than 23 minutes ?
who is the producer of the sonny side of cher who married to cher ?
who was born in kansas and is the character that matt stone plays ?
what bands has the artist who was nominated for joe satriani2 play in ?
which 2011 prime minister '' -g of none1 ended his/her tenure after september 2 , 2011 ?
what structure is there to see in daytona beach that opened after 1914 ?
what is the state capital of the ciruculation state for jtnews ?
what languages are spoken in the location of origin for the malinois breed ?
what is the most recently released film which omar epps was in ?
what currency is used where cervecera del sur del peru cusquena beer is produced ?
which peer of lorenzo di credi was niccolò machiavelli influenced by ?
which belief of sikhism is referred to in the mahal film ?
what other languages are spoken in places with romansh speakers ?
what taylor lautner movies was released most recently ?
what is the official language of the country of origin for harbin beer ?
what book written by nicoolo niccolò machiavelli has a book edition published post 20078 ?
who are the parents of the actress nominated for the london film critics circle for actress of the year award ?
what former german currency that is used in france before euro ?
how do we classify the `` maple leaf rag '' composer in term of artistic genre ?
which language , featured in the work /m/06729m2 is the primary language in israel ?
of the many kids in the kennedy family , which one held the position of president ?
on what continent is the country of origin for macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager beer ?
who influenced niccolò machiavelli and his decision to adhere to veganism ?
which religion is recognized in canada , that which huldrych zwingli is a founding figure ?
which actor from the onion movie was marrried to britney spears ?
what schools were attended by the actor who played in the film `` lil wayne : blood sweat & tears '' ?
what northern european language group does the danish language come from ?
what schools and universities did the author who wrote `` dreams from my father '' attend ?
what is the national language of the country where the breed rumpless game originally came from ?
what college did jackie robinson attend that has the university of california , los angeles jonsson comprehensive cancer center ?
what is language spoken in argentina is also the main language of spain ?
what is the capital city of south africa , where they use the pound as the unit of currency ?
what music as chris colfer been in , and was the music done by jake monaco ?
what city is the capital of the state where the pacific tree frog is an official symbol ?
in the country that has the supreme court of austria , what language do they speak ?
what movie starring diana ross employed costume designer tony walton ?
what invasion by hitler started the war used as the subject of the film sherlock holmes and the voice of terror ?
what else is the actor in dead man 's jack famous for ?
what movie starring matt dallas was jade healy the production designer on ?
what country that queen elizabeth ii reigns over is also the birth place of vicki buck ?
what currency is used at the second level division of istanbul province ?
what baseball movies star omar epps ?
what money should someone bring with them to the country where brasseries de morocco casablanca beer is produced ?
what invention was made by both prokop diviš an benjamin franklin ?
who manages the team that plays in the roger dean stadium ?
which trading partners of china have country calling codes larger than 967 ?
in what state with an official symbol of state tree was the siege of vicksburg fought ?
what is michael bublé 's style of music that is also the subject of the movie `` music from the big house '' ?
which of the florida panthers stadiums opened first ?
what football player dated by kim kardashian has the smallest passing attempts statistic ?
who is the publisher of the wall street journal and also owns the metromedia company ?
what far-right politics political ideology and government did benito mussolini have ?
where the second level division of heemstede is located , what is the currency used ?
what diseases afflicted the man who said `` seriously , i do not think i fit for the presidency ? `` ?
what was the college major of this line 's author : `` nothing pains some people more than having to think . `` ?
what inventions were made by the author of the 1957 book `` poor richard 's almanac ? `` ?
which movies filmed in new york city star tupac ?
which avengers character does the actor who played prince william of orange play ?
the person who said `` it is written again , thou shalt not tempt the lord thy god . '' was born where ?
what are the most common languages spoken by the people in the country most affected by tropical storm alpha ?
who were inspriatinal people to the politician who was title associate director , white house office of public liaison ?
what was the name of the character the actor who played john noble0 played in lord of the rings ?
which of the countries involved in the vietnam war has the largest country calling code ?
what country , formerly known as czech republicslovakia , produces the beer pilsner urquell ?
which currency is used by the country in which the beer macedonian thrace brewery vergina premium lager is produced ?
what is the birthplace of the actor who portrays alex russo ?
which states share a border with the state that houses the none1 supreme court ?
what kind of government does the place where baldur von schirach born in have ?
who is the current none0 of the country where manuel altagracia cã¡ceres was in office in 2010 ?
what movies were filmed in the liam hemsworth0 and feature liam hemsworth ?
what currency , in the place where the māori language is spoken , is accepted . ?
what movie was ashley greene in that was filmed at washougal ?
what languages do the israeli people speak ?
what is the birthplace of the actor that played gratuity `` tip '' tucci ?
what english language films has taylor lautner been in as an actor ?
in the country where yury chaika holds government office , what type of political system is in place ?
what university granted a diploma to the political appointer holding the title of associate directior for white house office of public liason ?
which state is port st. lucie located and has the northern mockingbord as its symbol ?
what form of government is used in the place where the breed rumpless game originated ?
what is the form of government for the locations in australia where baldur von schirach was born ?
what kellie martin tv show is a program with more than 15 seasons ?
what did people where the currency the south african pound used to speak ?
which executive producer of jakob the liar also played alan parrish in jumanji ?
where exactly is the river thames river located , which is the location of the film iris ?
what movie has mario lopez been in that was directed by dennis hopper ?
what countries in the united kingdom produce llangollen welsh black bitter beer ?
what county in the united states circulates the wyandotte echo ?
what movie was robert pattinson in and produced by jonathan lynn ?
which country involed in the cuban missile crisis produces cerveceria bucanero mayabe beer ?
what attraction is in kansas city at the address 100 w. 26th st ?
where is the home of both carlos santana and the birthplace of a football wide receiver ?
maggie grace , featured in the photo taken by david shankbone , plays which character in the movie `` taken '' ?
in what movies does the artist nominated for awards for `` zac efron5 '' star ?
what is the predominant language in the country where the cordoba fighting dog breed originated ?
what performances has the actor that portrayed mario lopez4 been in ?
what venue in dallas has the smallest capacity ?
which royal personages served as parents to the subject of the film `` he private lives of elizabeth and essex ? `` ?
what politician whose tenure ended earliest was prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 ?
which team for which deion sanders played baseball was founded first ?
which book by author suzanne collins was published most recently ?
in what timezone is the politics of sweden government located ?
where is the birthplace of the artist award nominated for `` stardust : the great american songbook , volume iii '' ?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the peruvian inti ?
where is the administrative division of ecuador where the galápagos islandss are located on a world map ?
what movie has jennifer lawrence starred in which was shot at forsyth ?
what actor starring in blood compact who was also the president of philippines ?
what time zone is the givermental office with an office holder named mick cornett located in ?
what is the government of the country in with san miguel pale pilsen beer is brewed ?
which character in `` none0 '' did the actor who was in `` mission : improbable '' play ?
what language is spoken in the area served by the government of egypt government ?
what is the art movement that the person who said `` the noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding '' a part of ?
in what canadian movies did regina hall play ?
the white house deputy title was given to a political appointer born in what location ?
what art movements was the painter of las meninas in ?
who was the author of rip van winkle who influenced charles dickens ?
in `` breakfast at tiffany 's '' , where is the actor from ?
which actor played star wars episode i : the phantom menace0 in a film that tony vice was also in ?
what field was college degree did the speaker who wrote about education reform in ?
what time zone is in kauai and is the location where the reef triggerfish is the official symbol ?
what invention was created by both fausto veranzio and leonardo da vinci ?
what actors portrayed the children of arlo pear ?
find the political speaker who spoke about energy development , what political party do they belong to ?
what language do they speak in iceland ?
who started the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and had previously been politically appointed as federal reserve system0 ?
what movie , with a musical score by tyler bates , starred leo howard ?
where is the childhood home of the artist who was nominated for `` all eyez on me '' ?
where did the fictional character mr. wong and robin williams live in 2011 ?
what was the cause of death of the victim in the michael jackson trial ?
where did the fantasy movie willy wonka take place ?
which is the type of guitar that is used by the person who produced `` radha krsna temple '' ?
which political system is practiced in the country where guinness foreign extra stout ( nigeria ) beer is made ?
who was the executive producer of rules of engagement and 2013 virginia senator ?
which trading partner with china has an army of less than 90000 ?
what is the religion that george soros follows in which abraham is a founding figure ?
when none7 was president , which member of congress became the none2 ?
the ga language is spoken in the country where people speak what other language ?
what belief system , adhered to by george soros , has no dieties ?
what elmore leonard film was quentin tarantino in ?
what peer of freidrich friedrich hölderlin influence samuel taylor coleridge ?
what film directed by catherine ircha did taylor lautner act in ?
what type of government is used in the area affected by the cyclone tropical depression two-e ?
where does the name of the city that the publisher if the four fundamental concepts of psycho-analysis get its name ?
what general for the british during the american revolutionary war is buried in st. paul 's chapel ?
what country does the brazilian brazilian cruzado is used ?
what is the name of the organization that acquired the starwave company first cartoon ?
which award in a category established after january 1954 was won by marilyn monroe ?
what country where bosnian is spoken uses the euro as its primary currency ?
which of the the twilight saga starred taylor lautner ?
what degrees were earned in college by the person who said , `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' ?
where did the visual artist that created the art series las meninas , pass away at ?
for what work is theodore lesieg known ?
which location that uses the canadian dollar was the home of the seneca people ?
the river that flows through yonkers is located in what country ?
what science was the speciality of william whiston 's academic advisor ?
what is the capital of the state in which john spellman represents a district ?
what disease did the public speaker advocating egalitarianism suffer from ?
what timezone includes a place with the official motto , `` ditat deus '' ?
the area affected by typhoon utor has which form of government ?
what kind of money do they use where they speak jamaican english ?
there was a wide receiver born here and robin williams lived here in 2011 , can you name the city ?
what movies did nick cannon star in that was part of the goal series ! ?
find the place that baldur von schirach was born , what type of government is used there and in the bahamas ?
what is owned by the company who recently purchased turner brodcasting system ?
what tv series did mark harmon star in that has more than 141 episodes ?
what continent is home to constitutional court of turkey ?
what language is spoken in the place that is home to supreme court of israel ?
what languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction where the government has a position called member of the house of commons of northern ireland ?
what did the person who invented thomas edison4 do for the world ?
what movie that is set in italy stars robert pattinson ?
which state senator of georgia terminated their government position after 2003-01-03 ?
which film directed by ron howard was released earliest ?
what language is of `` engineered language '' that people speak in australia ?
what movie about haunted house that is starring regina hall ?
in which place did president barack obama live , which is located in northwest , washington , d.c. ?
what stop motion film has starred taylor lautner ?
what is the official language in the region where the position of governor-general of jamaica is held ?
what is the country with the largest gdp deflator change of rate and the location of tahiti bora bora ?
which nick cannon film 's subject is basketball ?
what madonna movies were released after 18 november 2002 ?
what is the currency accepted in the home country of the second level division salcedo ?
what sports team owned by kroenke that had the player thierry henry ?
who is the president of the government where the federal government of brazil rules ?
what location that is the home area of ra 's al ghul was the first gulf war fought ?
what killed the actor who starred in whitney houston : the greatest hits ?
what is the sacred language that is spoken in singapore ?
who is the actor that played in the nanny express and that corey feldman marriage ?
what othnone6 shows did the actor from the film `` kellie martin6 '' star in ?
what is the currency accepted in the country where the antares barley wine beer is brewed ?
the 1896 democratic national convention speaker ran for president in what year ?
what language spoken in turkey also belongs to the sacred language family ?
what movie whose cinematography was by haskell wexler has starred mario lopez ?
what was galileo galilei2 's academic advisory famous for ?
what state has a district represented by jon corzine and was also hit by hurricane irene ?
which of the harry potter movies did robert pattinson appear in ?
what is the official language of the country that circulates the newspaper turkey2 ?
what language is spoken in the country which makes cervejaria kaiser palma louca beer ?
what famous actor contributed to the movie fire serpent and portrayed james t. kirk ?
what is the football team in the location of where the movie `` the hurt locker '' is filmed ?
what united kingdom released movie is robert pattinson in ?
what film about world war ii starred ian somerhalder ?
where is the second level of division kuna de kuna de madugandí located ?
where can the city fukushima be found ?
what venue with a capacity of more the 18,422 held the ncaa 2012 basketball tournament ?
what movie starring zac efron had a sequel named sharpay 's fabulous adventure ?
what character did the musician who created silk electric play during the movie , `` the wiz '' ?
which television station created `` arthur '' and produced `` crisis in central america '' ?
who influenced the creator of the story of the gilttering plain to become an artist ?
what is the language of the fictional universe the tortall universe ?
what country has a symbol the coast of arms of the solomon islands ?
what country is home to the pyramids of giza and speaks the siwi language ?
what team from california polytechnic university did john madden play football for ?
which language is used in the governmental jurisdiction with the president of cyprus ?
what film ( s ) has chad michael murray in it that was released via medium dvd distribution ?
what type of government does the country where afshar language is spoken have ?
who is the person nominated for an award for rufus wainwright0 currently marriage to ?
what us state counts both walton indiana as one of its localities , and `` indiana attorney general '' as an official governmental title ?
which ocean does the swan hill river flow into ?
the currency used by the people who speak brazilian portuguese is called what ?
who inspired the author of thomas more2 to write poetry ?
what is the latest published john irving book ?
what currency is used in the area that was affected by tropical depression two-e ?
find the person who said `` nothing pains some people more than having to think '' , where was this person raised ?
where is area 51 located and use united states dollar ?
what film in horton hears a who ! 2 genre does selena gomez played ?
what are the native languages for the country in which `` mutant planet : new zealand '' was filmed ?
the circulation area of the newspaper emirates business 24/7 includes which of the world 's tallest buildings ?
what character did kat graham play in the parent trap ?
in north america '' -u what countries has nominal gdp currency of the united states dollar ?
what city is the headquarters that acquired the world extreme cagefighting company located in ?
what languages are spoken in the country that features the `` iran8 '' as an official state body ?
which location on the world map has great britain and also has pottsylvania ?
where were tennessee williams and fictional character gambit born ?
what currency is used in the location that the cat breed aegean originated from ?
what timezone in tennessee has the area in which the newspaper nashville scene is circulated ?
what country that has english as the official language did osama bin laden live in ?
which country was the fictional character kim rollins born in that borders armenia ?
where can we take kids in phx az that opens the earliest ?
find the subject of the movie the quest for freedom , what jobs did this person hold ?
hurricane daisy , from the usa , affected areas in which time zone ?
who influenced the artist of the las meninas series ?
what country that south africa trades with has a country calling code of 255 ?
on what continent is the country that is home to the second level division corfu ?
what time zone is the neighborhood tremont , cleveland located in ?
what religion did the paul von hindenburg governmental appointee follow ?
the person who said `` taste can not be controlled by law . '' died in which city ?
what language do those from the government of argentina use ?
what artist created the life of the blessed virgin and is also credited as being an influence to michelangelo buonarroti ?
find the burial site of the person to whom leonard bernstein dedicated his work ?
which movies that had the casting director deborah aquila was ryan gosling in ?
from which current wyvern hill country did james watt originate ?
in what language is the newspaper berlingske written ?
what state and county did the battle of chancellorville take place ?
what currency do they use in the country where the chicomuceltec language lnaguage is spoken ?
what albums did the producer of the empyrean play music in ?
what are the titles of the united states of american movies starring diana ross ?
in what year did a presidential nominee say , `` no one can earn a million dollars honestly '' ?
the actress that had the role of martha alston plays what role in ellen degeneres0 ?
what are the names of the children of the producer who created silk electric 's 3 ?
which none8 movies star selena gomez ?
what language is spoken by the country where elã­as piã±a is the second level division comendador , elías piña ?
where was the theatrical composer for the play 9 to 5 raised ?
what is the capital city known for its bluegrass in the state of kentucky held a united states senate election in 2010 ?
where was the film 24 : redemption filmed and is the capital city of south africa ?
what country speaks both italian and the czech language ?
what language is spoken in the location that contains the second division turkey0 ?
what language is spoken in the country where czechvar premium czech lager is made ?
where is the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament played at that is located at 1001 fifth avenue ?
what schools were attended by the political appointee who held the title barack obama0 ?
what city where bernard madoff lived in where baxter building is located ?
what movie used the united states dollar as the currency and heatured the actor chad michael murray ?
who were queen elizabeth i of england 's parents , and which one died first . ?
which city is the birthplace of adam zagajewski and also hosted the uefa euro 2012 tournament ?
what country manufacturers & exports the duncan 's founders organic brewery tall blonde beer ?
what j.j. abrams directed film was also directed by sean haworth ?
what type of government does the country that was involved in the military conflict of the hungarian revolution of 1956 have ?
what country speaks samoan and who is their new zealand2 ?
what are the names of michael jacksons movies that were directed by sean haworth ?
who was elizabeth i of england 's parent that died from decapitation ?
which schools did the associate director of the white house office of public liaison attend ?
what education did the speaker on none2 have ?
which of the authors who influenced charles dickens died first ?
what is the currency in the country where the swedish riksdaler is used ?
who is the prime minister '' -g of japan in 2011 , who is the politician that ended tenure after1996 ?
what movie released in the united kingdom was robert pattinson in ?
who played gilbert gottfried in the snl skit dirty jokes ?
which art movement was the subject of `` the mystery of pablo picasso '' -u '' film ?
in which areas is the salvadoran colón currency used ?
what was the latest film that liam hemsworth played in ?
what people does the current secretary of defense for personnel and readiness report to ?
which leonardo da vinci invention was made by fausto veranzio ?
what discoveries is the academic advisor of william whiston credited with ?
who said `` the devils name is dullness '' and was involved in the battle of gettysburg ?
who is the new senator in the state that has the official symbol of mymphalis antiopa ?
the movie gone too soon focuses on what disease ?
what movie wrote by james frey that was produced by stephen tag mendillo ?
what currency would you use to purchase a copy of the `` royal thai government gazette '' newspaper ?
which us senators during the year 2013 represented the state from which the fictional dorothy gale vlived ?
what type of government can be found in both the united kingdom and the kingdom of prussia ?
who has any idea what the primary language is where the nigerian pound is the currency of choice ?
what superbowl championship did the miami dolphins win with a score of 24-7 ?
who was marriage to the president who said `` forgive your enemies , but never forget their names '' ?
which year did the team that plays at turner field win the world series ?
what type of political system identifies the country with the coat of arms of the solomon islands ?
in the country where farsi is spoken , what currency would you use ?
in what family of languages does niko 's language fall into ?
in what city was david brown born and did tennessee williams live ?
what university is the almamater of the author of business @ the speed of thought ?
who was the person who was nominated for the artist award in do you miss new york marriage to ?
what type of government do the bahamas and abkhazia both have ?
which book by aristotle has the isbn 9780824069018 ?
which elected official won governor or the state in 2010 that has the official state fish the american shad ?
who 's the head coach for the lucas oils stadium sports team ?
what is the jurisdiction of the court where judge william johnson serves ?
what country has a nominal gdp currency similar to the us and was once controlled by the hadsburg family ?
what is the language spoken at the asian college of science and technology ?
which of aubrey hepburns husbands produced audrey hepburn0 ?
when did eric staal 's hockey team win the cup ?
what city is the capital of the country in which el gouna beverage co sakara gold beer is produced ?
what location was where the movie `` nollywood babylon '' took place . ?
which university attended by f f. scott fitzgerald has less than 2479 postgraduates ?
where did the author who published editions for sceptical chymist study ?
what other inventions were created by the inventor of the thomas edison4 ?
what was the nationality of the person nominated for an award for the hawaiian wedding song ?
which currency was previously used in montenegro and serbia , and is now france 's official currency ?
what typr of government does the country that has the idoma language spoken utilize ?
what language is spoken in the country of the prime minister of albania ?
the featured speaker at the 'march on washington for jobs and freedom ' was shot in which city ?
`` the salvation of the world is in man 's suffering '' was said by a person known for what ?
what state contains mount st. helens volcano and has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted after 1987 ?
who was a peer of donato bramante who was also an influencer of niccolò machiavelli ?
what language is spoken in the country where brahma bock beer is produced ?
when did the sports team whose arena is old trafford first win a trophy ?
which show produced by mitchell galin was shot in new york ?
what landmarks are in the country where sinai peninsula2 beer is made ?
what film released after oct 26 , 2013 starred chad michael murray ?
of all the things that made jimi hendrix great , one was the subject of a lucio godoy 's film . what was it ?
what river derives off holsten river ?
of what art movement was the person who said , `` the genius of einstein leads to hiroshima '' a part ?
what are the exports of the country in which the movie `` the last leprechaun '' is set ?
what instrument , invented by adolphe sax , did ringo starr play ?
what country contains puerto galera , oriental mindoro and makes the beer san miguel premium lager ?
what movies did ron howard direct that debuted at the 2008 bfi london film festival ?
find the country that uses second division corfu , what type of government do they use ?
who knows the which political part the `` yes we can ! '' slogan came from ?
what actor plays betty white8 's husband ?
which secretary of state influenced abraham lincoln to become president ?
who is the god of the catholic people , who was also the subject of the film godspell ?
what indiana jones movie did junusz kaminsi do the cinematography for ?
which movie did robert pattinson star in in italian ?
what movie was edited by bill pankow and featured nick cannon ?
name the man who served in the voice6 and provided the voice for darth vader . ?
where was the speaker for egalitarianism buried ?
who were influencers of the music producer of `` michael jackson0 '' ?
what years did the sports team that plays at at & t park win the world series ?
find the country that speaks idoma , what type of government do they use there ?
what language does italy and brazil speak ?
who shot the actor who played in two virgins ?
what university with the smallest number of postgraduates did sanjay gupta also attend ?
what movie did diana ross play in that was directed by philip rosenberg ?
what is the language spoken in the area where les cayes arrondissement speak ?
which movie stars james hunt and is directed by ron howard ?
what is the capital city of the country ruled by the president of albania ?
what tv comedy shows did shawnee smith play in ?
who is the none0lican state senator of louisiana ?
what attractions are in coconino county ?
who invented facebook and wikipedia , and is the subject of the film `` the social network '' ?
the actor that played the character alex russo was raised where ?
who played cruella de vil in the movie that delphine de turckheim starred in ?
where is the nation of jordan located ?
which indiana jones movie is about the cold war ?
name the harry potter films that would be classified as speculative fiction . ?
what currency is used under the seal of the mexico ?
name a religion that worships none0 as a deity and is recognized in canada . ?
which flag is flown by the state which held the 2008 election for united states senate in colorado ?
what character did the actor who portrayed , prologue dog , also portray in the movie , ellen degeneres0 ?
what political systems are ascribed to by the country of origin for the dogo cubano breed ?
who was lincoln 's vice president that died in bangor ?
which political party appointed people to a position titled reich governor ?
the person who wrote music for remember the night also sang for pink floyd , what is his name ?
what are the names of the coaches whose sports team plays in the none4 arena stadium ?
the country , where the araucana breed originated , has what type of government ?
find the court system that samuel chase serves in , what is the head judge of this court system 's title ?
who was a member of the order of the cross of terra mariana and the prime minister '' -g of spain in 2011 ?
what type of guitar does the music producer who produced the village sessions play ?
who are the senators of the state with the supreme court of new jersey ?
which united kingdom country has the scottish government ?
what other languages are spoken where the south africa6 is used ?
where does the government transitional federal government of somalia of somalia located in ?
which children 's literature story did julian fellowes write ?
edward braddock was the military leader during what wars ?
what actress portrayed cruella de vil in the same movie as karen kennedy ?
one of he star wars films included crew member carol follet , who wore the darth vader costume in that movie ?
where does river that originate in fairfax stone historical monument state park flow into ?
which form of government do australia and great britain have ?
what kind of government does the country that speaks tayslh have ?
what state holds walton county and was the place the cherokee-american wars were fought ?
the hungarian revolution of 1965 was a conflict of what two types of governments ?
where did the actor who portrayed luke cage grow up ?
what language is used in the country that contains najdi arabic4 ?
the speaker in the 22012 union address was born where ?
what are some other discoveries made by the author who published philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica ?
what universities that has a number of undergraduates greater than 12018 did sir ernest rutherford go to ?
what legal system is used in both the kingdom of prussia and australia ?
what was the location of the 2012 ncaa basketball tournament and is also home to the louisville cardinals men 's basketball team ?
who is the betty white8 that plays betty white2 ?
which country uses the nigerian pound , and what type of government does it have ?
charlie smalls wrote the music for which michael jackson movies ?
what is the denise dating producer famous for ?
what is the form of government in the country where the main campus of the asian college of science and technology is located ?
for what was the subject of the film `` vincent van gogh : painted with words '' famous ?
a company just bought nynex , what name did they previously go by ?
at what universities with fewer than 22134 undergraduates did jeff corwin receive an education ?
what are some of the tourist attractions in germany and berlin ?
who was the first dictator of the country where the soviet union ruble is used as currency ?
what sea does the river that flows under the xiling yangtze river bridge emplty in to ?
what movie did kat graham and dina lohan play in ?
which political party spoke about , and was affiliated with egalitarianism ?
which executive producer of double wedding is tia and tamer mowry 's parents ?
which language is spoken in australia and kenosha ?
where do the oswegatchie indians come from ?
which party does the politician assigned by paul von hindenburg belong to ?
what kind of guitar did the actor use who played in the film george harrison : the quiet one ?
which kennedy kids served in the democratic party ?
who was the 'king ' during the israeli israeli–palestinian conflict ?
which school attended by barack obama has the largest number of postgraduates ?
who was the christian that played on the jeffersons ?
what currency should i take to the country whose coat of arms is seal of the mexico ?
what is the name of the 2011 movie whose prequel was called eclipse and had taylor lautner in it ?
what 2011 movie , starring taylor lautner , featured music by edward shearmur ?
what movie starring quentin tarantino that was dedicated to timothy carey ?
which schools were attended by the producer of strictly 4 my n.i.g.g.a.z . ?
what colleges did the author of published edition for the pat hobby stroes attend ?
which madonna movie was part of the hire ?
which tourist attraction in houston texas was the latest amusement park opened ?
find the area that luis fortuño serves as a government official , what is the national sport of that region ?
what tv series was mark harmon the star of that ran the least amount of time on tv ?
what movie was released on dvd starring taylor lautner ?
what writers influenced the writer who published editions of charles dickens2 ?
who plays jumanji in a movie that none0 plays in ?
what person died in north sydney and also founded the sisters of saint joseph ?
what country exports to sierra leone and speaks italian ?
what is the cause of death of the music producer of whitney : the greatest hits ?
what major language is used in the country where aegean cat came from ?
the river that starts at state2 flows through which states ?
where does the aquirer of hurley international operate in ?
in the location of the film '' the last leprechaun '' what political system is used ?
which politician who participated in the israeli–palestinian conflict entered government the earliest ?
what movie , produced by carlos silva da silva , starred nick cannon ?
which trading partners of china 's , has the largest gdp deflator change rate ?
of what was the political appointee whose title was reich governor the leader ?
which venue in nashvill , tn , has the smallest audience capacity ?
find a movie that sstars sandino moya and has a character name ceasar flickerman , who played ceasar ?
what actor played lbaine in batman and also wrote the film , the last white dishwasher ?
which state is yoknapatawpha county is and paassees the mississippi river ?
which awards , established after 1951 , have been won by morgan freeman ?
what movie was produced by bill paxton and starred zac efron ?
what country did james watt come from and has the official symbol of thistle ?
what degree was earned by the subject in king : a film record ... montgomery to memphis ?
what movies has liam hemsworth been in that were directed by chuck russell . ?
what movie was filmed at the louvre palace and directed by ron howard ?
for what is the person who said , `` by thy eternal summer shall not fade , '' famous ?
what state is home to yoknapatawpha county and borders tennessee ?
what english speaking country did rihanna come from ?
which actress was the executive producer of love and other impossible pursuits and starred as in star wars as princess padme ?
what currency does the area affected by cyclone typhoon utor use ?
who played the brothers and sisters in the film tito jackson4 ?
what kind of education did the political appointer that also had the title barack obama0 have ?
who can tell me where the member of the house of commons of northern ireland is a governmental seat ?
what kind of money should i take to the country where cerveceria modelo corona light beer is made ?
alexandra astin played in a movie with a character named farmin , who played farmin ?
what is the national language of the place where the orloff breed of chicken originated ?
find the area that was affected by typhoon utor , what language is spoken there ?
what movie did sidney lumet direct that starred diana ross ?
of the countries that participated in the vietnam war , which one has the smallest army ?
what language do people speak in australia ? is that language found in the fictional tortall universe ?
what language is spoken in the country that uses the brazillian brazilian cruzado ?
what movie starred taylor momsen and was produced by randall wallace ?
which us president was responsible for starting the federal reserve systemeral reserve board and held the largest presidential number ?
where is the head company of pride fighting championships located ?
the movie that peggy clements played in is about what ?
where did they bury the author for the cask of amontillado ?
what none4 release films do taylor lautner star in ?
which political party does the speaker about education reform belong to ?
where will you find adaptable type f power plugs in the balkans ?
what movies starring madonna did chris corbould work on as a crew member ?
what was the name of william shakespeare 's parent that served as a politician '' -g ?
find the movie cristiano ronaldo0 , what team does the focus of the film play for ?
what disease did the music producer of sometimes late at night have ?
what is name of the company where henry ford motor company worked that purchased volvo cars ?
where is the body of water under the swanport bridge located ?
what is the official flower of the state affected by tropical storm norma ?
what executive producer of the aviator also played mason capwell ?
of the sports teams ayrton senna drove for , which was founded earliest ?
what is the attraction located at 755 golf club way sedona , arizona ?
where is the business organization that acquired insitu headquarters located at ?
in what year did the raiders win the superbowl in which the houston oilers were the championship runners up ?
where is the area that was affected by hurricane vince . ?
what peer of giovanni pico della mirandola gave inspiration to michelangelo buonarroti ?
what major religions are practiced in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position minister of justice of israel ?
which baltimore ravens quarterback in 2012 completed fewer than 8 passes ?
during what war , with a number of casualties greater than 116708 , was woodrow wilson president ?
who did the actor that played the character javier sandooski adam sandler0 ?
what is the currency of the country affected by hurricane jose ?
what north america '' -un country has its coat of arms as a seal of the mexico ?
where did the person who said `` a good gi bill would increase the recruit pool '' go to school ?
what government system is used in saudi arabia an berlin ?
what discovery did the academic advisor of galileo galilei2 make ?
where does the body of water under the chirundu bridge begin ?
which actor is the actress who played veronica 'ronnie ' miller engaged to ?
who inspired the person who said `` give a critic an inch , he 'll write a play '' ?
out of the 4 countries in the united kingdom , where is wyvern hill located ?
where does president barack obama live with the united states dollar as the only accepted currency ?
what language is used in the country with government of egypt ?
which fantasy movies star none3 ?
what country with hk as internet top level domain name belongs to the united nations ' united nations security council ?
in the year of 2008 , what two individuals represented the state of colorado in the united states senate ?
in what country is the swiss federal council a part of the government and german is one of the languages spoken ?
which actor played mason capwell on santa barbara , and also produced the film gardener of eden ?
what movie filmed in los angeles did chris farley appear in ?
what tv show did shawnee smith play in that is from united states of america ?
which airport is closest to the downtown area of the oakwood–vaughan neighborhood ?
what are the names of the children who are the focal point of the movie `` gone too soon '' ?
who plays none0 in the movie which also stars alexandra astin ?
what coming of age genre movies does ryan gosling star in ?
what religion , practiced by madonna , has zalman schachter-shalomi as a founding figure ?
in which part of the world is tsonga language spoken ?
what is the name of the minneapolis team that hank baskett played for in 2010 ?
who was nominated for a ben stiller8 ?
what is the attraction in galway , ireland that is where connacht rugby is played ?
which of dallas ' exhibition venues opened most recently ?
find the body of water that flows uner beverly railroad bridge , where does it originate from ?
the country where athenian brewery s.a. alfa hellenic beer is made is part of which nation ?
what part of the mongolian language family does turkish come from ?
name the capital of the area which contains gebel elba . ?
what religion did the ottoman turks follow , and the name of the religion that believes in the holy spirit ?
what was the location of the war in which cuba was involved ?
who was the vice president when the public speaker who spoke about egalitarianismim died ?
samuel taylor coleridge and jacques lacan were both influenced by this person ?
who is the subject of godspell ?
what position did the collector of the point of philadelphia fill during the constitutional convention ?
what edward norton production stars kat dennings ?
which administrative division in philippines containes puerto galera , oriental mindoro ?
where were the seneca people located and what country 's coat of arms is the coat of arms of st. catherine ?
what christina ricci movie does michael murray play in ?
what college has a number of postgraduates greater than 13951 , one of which that was jesse owens ?
what currency is excepted at the second level division of istanbul province ?
name the man who held both the office of united states federal judge '' -g and vice president to richard nixon . ?
which democratic-republican party members did baron de montesquie influence ?
what language is spoken in the city that uses brazilian cruzado novo as their currency ?
who are the owners of the football team that plays in three rivers stadium ?
the person who said `` i did not have sexual relations with that woman '' went to what school ?
what countries have both german as the official language and the united states dollar as their gdp currency ?
what political affiliations were held by the reich governor ?
what is the governmental system of saudi arabia and is the same as in the kingdom of prussia ?
in star trek , who are actors who were born in james t. kirk2 ?
what other weta digital productions has jennifer lawrence played in ?
what languages are used in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named s. r. nathan ?
which other language is spoken in the country where domari language is spoken ?
which elected president of the philippines was part of the philippine independent church ?
who are the parents of the person that said `` he speaks to me as if i was a public meeting '' ?
which languages are spoken in the setting of the film `` arabic language0 ? `` ?
academic advisor roger cotes attended which primary school ?
